TITLE: Friday 10th April (Easter Friday)
GOSPEL: Jn 21:1-14 
Simon Peter said to them, "I am going fishing." They said to him, "We will go with you." They went out and got into the boat; but that night they caught nothing. Just as day was breaking, Jesus stood on the beach; yet the disciples did not know that it was Jesus. Jesus said to them, "Children, have you any fish?" They answered him, "No." He said to them, "Cast the net on the right side of the boat, and you will find some." So they cast it, and now they were not able to haul it in, for the quantity of fish. That disciple whom Jesus loved said to Peter, "It is the Lord!" 

COMMENTS: There were at least 7 disciples of Jesus on the boat. But only one recognizes Him in the distance: _the Beloved one_. I can imagine Saint John frowning and looking at the Man in the shore when he heard those words: "_Cast the net on the right side of the boat_”, thinking: ‘I have heard that phrase before. That voice reminds me of...’ He was still hesitant when he saw the amount of fish, and the penny dropped. He smiled first, and laughed afterwards, as someone who has been tricked for a while, and full of joy, as a madman - madly in love - he shouted: "_It is the Lord!_"
“_He was more beloved than all the other Apostles_,” writes St. Thomas Aquinas, ”_on account of his purity_.” And St. Anselm says, “_God revealed more mysteries to him than to the other Apostles, because he surpassed all in virginal purity_.” For this I keep my eyes today on that teenager, his look clean, his heart in love, his purity allowed him to recognize Jesus in the distance. Many people nowadays aren’t able to see our Lord, and that is not because Jesus is hidden, but because their glasses are dirty: Sins blind men, and purity gives light.
Saint John: help me to keep my purity, to overcome the difficulties that I may find on my way; teach me to be pure of heart, and to be in love with Jesus Christ.
“_How I would like — you told me — the young apostle, John, would take me into his confidence and give me advice: and encourage me to acquire purity of heart. If you really would like it, tell him so: and you will feel encouraged, and you will receive advice_” (St Josemaría). 