TITLE: Wednesday 15th April 
GOSPEL: Jn 3:16-21 
For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life. For God sent the Son into the world, not to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through him. ... This is the judgment, that the light has come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil. 

COMMENTS: _For God so loved the world_... did you get that!? God loves the world. He always did and always will, for He is its Craftsman. As a good artist loves his paintings, God loves His creation. Some people think that the world is bad and takes us away from God. But the world is a gift of God to us! Genesis states clearly that “_God saw everything that he had made, and indeed, it was very good_”. If He Himself said that _it’s good¬_, who am I to disagree?
Men have sometimes hidden the beauty of the Universe with their sins, but that doesn’t change it. You can crumple a £20 note or step on it with your dirty shoes, but it doesn’t lose a penny of its value. Every artist leaves some trace of himself in his work. Experts can recognize an artist’s work without looking at the signature. Have you ever found yourself astounded looking at the beautiful sunrise, a sunset of fire, a rainbow, the waves lapping the seashore, your reflexion in a lake, a thin crescent moon hung in a crystal-clear sky, a wonderful waterfall, ...? God made it for you. As a Good Father, He loves to see that you love His gifts to you. He looks at you to see if you love His works. And as good and grateful children, we should take great care of that gift. 
God loves the world so much that he gave his only Son, to be part of it; this world has been walked upon by God. He has worked in it. He has rested His head on the grass as well and, looking up to the sky, He loved it. He entrusted it to me as a stage for my happiness, and I love our world passionately, Lord, as You do. _Thank you, Lord, for Your wonderful creation_.