TITLE: Saturday 18th April
GOSPEL: Jn 6:16-21 
It was now dark, and Jesus had not yet come to them. The sea rose because a strong wind was blowing. When they had rowed about three or four miles, they saw Jesus walking on the sea and drawing near to the boat. They were frightened, but he said to them, "It is I; do not be afraid." 

COMMENTS: The apostles are suffering in the middle of the storm and Jesus comes to help. We don’t know what kind of assistance they were expecting, but certainly not Jesus walking on the water! They thought it was a ghost. The captivating figure of Jesus Christ, that they loved to have with them, has become in their imagination... a ghost!
It’s not the first time that the help that God sends is not recognized at all. When the people of Israel were slaves of the Egyptians God sent Moses to release them. But the pharaoh didn’t like it, so he demanded more work from them; and they went to complain to Moses: “_you have made us offensive in the sight of Pharaoh_”. You see? They called on God to be released and when God sends help they complained. So often men ask God for help and then don’t like ‘_that sort of help_’ He is offering, because they were expecting something else.
During a flood in a village, a man was trapped on the roof of his house surrounded by water. As he was there, someone came to rescue him with a canoe, but he replied: “_Oh! Don’t bother: God will come and rescue me_”. Minutes later another man came in a boat, but he gave the same replay; after few minutes even a helicopter came, but he said the same: “_God will come and rescue me_”. He eventually drowned and met St Peter at the gates of Heaven. There he complained: “_Why did heaven abandon me?_” And St Peter answered: “_What!? We sent you a canoe, a boat and a helicopter!_” The man had his own plan of rescue, and God didn’t follow his plan. 
When God comes, He makes His own conditions, and we need to learn to recognize Him; especially when He comes in the shape of Bread!

