TITLE: Monday 20th April
GOSPEL: Jn 6:22-29 
When the people saw that Jesus was not there, nor his disciples, they themselves got into the boats and went to Caperna-um, seeking Jesus. When they found him on the other side of the sea, they said to him, "Rabbi, when did you come here?" Jesus answered them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, you seek me, not because you saw signs, but because you ate your fill of the loaves. Do not labor for the food which perishes, but for the food which endures to eternal life."  
COMMENTS: Jesus had no problem attracting people to Himself. This text of the Gospel comes right after the multiplication of the loaves and fishes. The people came after Jesus again, but maybe not for the right reason. They ate delicious loaves and fish for free, and perhaps, they just wanted some more! So Jesus invites them not to look for normal bread, but for the bread of Heaven: the Eucharist. That is the content of all this sixth chapter of St John.
At the end of this chapter we read that “many of his disciples drew back and no longer went about with him”. We can recognize many like that today: they follow Him when it is easy, when it isn’t demanding, when there are loaves and fish for free, but not when Jesus is crucified, not when He asks for help, for your time, for your presence in the Holy Mass, where we commemorate His Death and Resurrection.
Those are not ‘real’ friends of Jesus. They are like the ‘friends’ who turn up to a birthday party without a present, and disappear before it is time to clear up... They just take advantage. 
I don’t want to be like that with You, Lord; I want to search for You, find You, and be with You through thick and thin, come what may, for the rest of my life. I want to be a ‘real’ friend of Yours. One of those you can count on, anytime! I want You to help me to be strong in times of difficulties, so that I never leave You alone when You need me, especially when Your life in the Eucharist makes You more dependent and more in need of me.

