TITLE: Thursday 23rd April (St George)
GOSPEL: Jn 15:18-21
"If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you. If you were of the world, the world would love its own; but because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you. Remember the word that I said to you, 'A servant is not greater than his master.' If they persecuted me, they will persecute you; if they kept my word, they will keep yours also. But all this they will do to you on my account, because they do not know him who sent me. 

COMMENTS: One day Blessed Pius IX had a meeting with seminarians. They were all studying theology and the Pope wanted to check how much they knew. He approached one of the students and asked him: “_What are the marks of the Church?_” The young fellow remembered the answer very well and said quickly: “_The Church is One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic_”. Bl Pius IX smiled and said: “_There is another one_”. The boy looked at him puzzled, and the Pope went on: “‘Persecuted’: The Church of Christ will always be One, Holy, Catholic, Apostolic and ‘Persecuted’, or she will stop being the Church of Jesus Christ; do you remember?: “If they persecuted me, they will persecute you._”
Jesus was persecuted and killed; the Apostles followed His steps and were persecuted as well; since St Stephen was martyred, millions of Christians have given their lives in persecutions during 20 centuries. We can’t be surprised that even today Christians are persecuted, imprisoned and killed in many places [think about Syria, Egypt, Libya, Pakistan, China, Nigeria, North Korea, Iraq...]. Jesus said that it was going to happen, and so it does; but He also said: “_I will be with you every single day until the end_”... and He is.  
Today is a good day to pray for all persecuted Christians around the world, that they may feel our prayers for them, that they may feel the presence of Jesus Crucified next to them, that they may feel comforted by Our Lady, standing as she was beside their crosses. St George, martyr for the faith, pray for them!
