TITLE: Friday 24th April
GOSPEL: Jn 6:52-59 
The Jews then disputed among themselves, saying, "How can this man give us his flesh to eat?" So Jesus said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you; he who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day. For my flesh is food indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood abides in me, and I in him."

COMMENTS: Jesus couldn’t be clearer: “_my flesh is food indeed, and my blood is drink indeed_” and “_he who eats me will live because of me_”. He didn’t say ‘my flesh is _like_ food’ or ‘kind of food’ or ‘reminds you of food’ or ‘if you _sort of_ eat my _kind of_ flesh...’ The meaning was so obvious that the Jews were scandalized.
On October 1995 St John Paul II was to greet the seminarians at St. Mary's Seminary in Baltimore (USA). He wanted first to visit the Blessed Sacrament. The security personnel quickly flew into action; doing a sweep of the building and especially the chapel. They brought highly trained dogs used to locate survivors in collapsed buildings after earthquakes and other disasters. The dogs went through the halls, offices and classrooms quickly, and then ran through the chapel and into the side chapel where the Blessed Sacrament was reserved. Upon reaching the tabernacle, the dogs sniffed and whined and pointed it out, refusing to leave; as if they had discovered ‘_Someone_’ there and firmly remained, their attention riveted on the Tabernacle, until called out by their handlers, who asked in amazement what was in that box. And they told them that it wasn’t ‘_what_’ but ‘_Who_’.
The bishop of that diocese commented: "_It's funny that even dogs can recognize what some Catholic people of my diocese can't; that there is a Real Living Person in the Tabernacle and that He has been there for 20 centuries waiting for each one of us_". How do I show my gratitude to Our Lord hidden in the Tabernacle for me?

