TITLE: Wednesday 29th April (St Catherine of Siena)
GOSPEL: Mt 11:25–30

At that time Jesus declared, " Come to me, all who labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn from me; for I am gentle and lowly in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." 
COMMENTS: Some people think about religion as a kind of exhausting and painful way to Heaven, and the commandments and acts of piety as a burden we need to carry on our shoulders. They see religion more like slavery than liberation. But Jesus insists that his “_burden is light_”. If we walk along with Jesus, He carries the yoke with us, and between the two of us, the weight is easier to take. But you have to allow Jesus to share the burden with you. 
A man had a dream: He was walking along the beach with Jesus. Across the sky flashed scenes from his life. For each scene, he noticed two sets of footprints in the sand, one belonging to him and the other to Jesus. At the end he looked back at the footprints in the sand and saw that many times along the path of his life there were only one set of footprints. He recognized that it happened at the very lowest and saddest times of his life. This really bothered him so he asked Jesus: ‘_Lord, You said that if I followed You, You'd walk with me all the way and we’d share the burden. But during the most troublesome times in my life, there's only one set of footprints: When I needed You the most You left me alone!_’ Jesus replied. "_My precious child, I love you and I’d never leave you. During those times of suffering, when you see only one set of footprints, it was then that I carried you_."
That is the yoke of Jesus: it is not a heavy burden of commandments that you have to carry on top of your shoulders. If you find your burden very heavy it is not His yoke; it is because you don’t share the weight with Jesus, like a little child who wants to do it all on his own... and does nothing right. A child of God can sing every day _I’ll never walk alone_, because Jesus would never allow it.