!!DATE : 7th December
!!FEAST : 8th day of the Novena
!!QUOTE : Mk 1:1–8 

!!GOSPEL : John the Baptist appeared in the desert proclaiming a baptism of repentance for the forgiveness of sins. People of the whole Judean countryside and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem were going out to him and were being baptized by him in the Jordan River as they acknowledged their sins. 
The first move for a new life is to acknowledge our sins. Because we all have sins, we all need Mercy: “in Confession we ask for forgiveness from Jesus. Forgiveness is not the fruit of our own efforts but rather a gift, [...] of mercy and of grace that flows unceasingly from the open heart of the Crucified and Risen Christ.” (Pope Francis) You Lord, never get tired of forgiving us. Thank you, Jesus

!!COMMENTS : Peter, who loved Jesus deeply knew how to repent for his denial. _But he does so precisely_ through an act of love: “Lord, he said after that second miraculous fishing, you know all things; you know that I love you.” How many times have I told Him that!
Someone once asked blessed Álvaro del Portillo what were the happiest moments of his life, and he answered, “Those in which the Lord forgave my sins in the sacrament of penance”.

{
    "DATE" : "7th December",
    "FEAST" : "...",
    "QUOTE" : "...",
    "GOSPEL" : [
        "para",
        "para"
    ],
    "COMMENTS" : [
        (
            [
                "Peter, who loved Jesus deeply knew how to repent for his denial.", 
                "But he does so precisely", 
                "through an act of love: “Lord, he said after that second miraculous fishing, you know all things; you know that I love you.” How many times have I told Him that!"
            ],
            [
                "normal",
                "italic",
                "normal"
            ]
        ),
        "Someone once asked blessed Álvaro del Portillo what were the happiest moments of his life, and he answered, “Those in which the Lord forgave my sins in the sacrament of penance”."        
    ]
}