TITLE: Monday 1st June (St Justin, Martyr)
GOSPEL: Mk 12:1-12 
And he began to speak to them in parables. "A man planted a vineyard, and set a hedge around it, and dug a pit for the wine press, and built a tower, and let it out to tenants, and went into another country. When the time came, he sent a servant to the tenants, to get from them some of the fruit of the vineyard ... And he sent another, and him they killed; and so with many others, some they beat and some they killed."
COMMENTS: These people had been given a vineyard and everything that they needed to produce fruit: vines, hedge, wine press, tower... It was not their property, but they decided to keep the vineyard for themselves instead of handing over the fruit to their master. They were entrusted something that wasn’t theirs, but they killed the heir and tried to keep the property. It didn’t work. 
Something like that happens with our talents. God gives us all we need to be fruitful: your talents, whatever they are (intelligence, big heart, social skills, friendliness, reasoning and intuition... everything!) But we can be tempted to try to use our talents as our own property and collect their fruit for ourselves. God has given you lots of talents that you need for your mission. It’s like the backpack of the special agent of an action film: rope, gloves, night vision goggles, GPS... He has everything he needs for his mission, and at the end of the film, he has used all of them. Nothing was spare.
Today is the feast of St Justin. He was a bright philosopher who converted to Christianity and put all his intelligence and speaking abilities to the defence of our faith until he was beheaded for it in Rome. That was his mission, and for that reason he had those talents. 
You and I have a mission too, as Bl John Henry Newman put it: “_God has created me to do Him some definite service. He has committed some work to me which He has not committed to another. @I have my mission@... He has not created me for naught_”.  How many gifts You have given me, Lord! Help me to yield the fruit that You expect of me.