TITLE: Wednesday 3rd June (St Charles Lwanga and Companions Martyrs)
GOSPEL: Mk 12:18-27 
And Sadducees came to him, who say that there is no resurrection; and ... Jesus said to them, "Is not this why you are wrong, that you know neither the scriptures nor the power of God? For when they rise from the dead, they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are like angels in heaven. And as for the dead being raised, have you not read in the book of Moses, in the passage about the bush, how God said to him, 'I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? He is not God of the dead, but of the living; you are quite wrong."
COMMENTS: The Sadducees didn’t believe in resurrection or Heaven. But Jesus explained to them very clearly that man was meant to live for ever, and Heaven has been there since the beginning. God is ‘God of the living’, because all the people that have lived in the past still exist. Life without Heaven doesn’t make any sense; like a marathon without a finishing line. As we say in the creed: we ‘_look forward to the resurrection of the dead and the life of the world to come_’ because we were made for it, for an intimate and eternal friendship with God. 
And to get to Heaven everything is worth the effort. St Charles Lwanga and Companions endured martyrdom with great courage in Uganda. Many were burned alive. One of them, James Buzabaliawo, said to the priest who was giving him absolution: "_ Why are you so sad? This is nothing compared to the joys you have taught us to look forward to_."
Lord, may I never forget, especially in difficult times, that @it is worthwhile!@ It’s worthwhile to leave everything to follow You, Lord; it’s worthwhile to change my plans to be with You at all times. It’s worthwhile to suffer misunderstanding or persecution for Your sake. It’s worthwhile to spend my time serving others and serving You. It’s worthwhile to go out to bring souls to You. Everything is worthwhile if I can be with You Lord, now and for ever. “_Can you imagine what it will be like to arrive there and meet God, to see that beauty, that love which is poured out into our hearts, which satisfies without satiating? Eye has not seen, nor ear heard...' It’s worthwhile my children, it’s worthwhile_" (St. Josemaría).