TITLE: Thursday 4th June
GOSPEL: Mk 12:28-34 
And one of the scribes came up and heard them disputing with one another, and seeing that he answered them well, asked him, "Which commandment is the first of all?" Jesus answered, "The first is, 'Hear, O Israel: The Lord our God, the Lord is one; and you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind, and with all your strength.' The second is this, 'You shall love your neighbour as yourself.' There is no other commandment greater than these."
COMMENTS: It’s important to remember that the first commandment is not about doing things, but about loving. What God wants from us is ‘love’. The most important activity that human beings are capable of is ‘love’. Love makes us ‘_divine_’, because God is Love; and when we love, we do what God does.
The day that we will meet St Peter he will check our love. He may have a sort of gadget that we could call a ‘Love-ometer’ to check how much you love. Certainly “above all things” implies ‘_many things_’, (mainly above ‘myself’), and that is not easy. Our heart is too small to love God as He deserves, and for that reason God decided to give us ‘His Love’ (the virtue of Charity) to love Him. It’s like a child borrowing money from his mother to buy flowers for her on Mother’s Day.
God gives us the supernatural virtue of Charity that enables us to love Him as He should be loved. In the end, like the child buying flowers for his mum, the only thing that we need is ‘_to want_’ to love God and to tell Him so: _Lord, I would love to love you more; I don’t feel I love You enough, but I would love to love you with all my heart_. If you pray like that, He will make it possible for you.
“_’You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind, and with all your strength’. What is left of your heart to love yourself? What, of your soul? What, of your mind? ‘With all’, he says. He who asks everything from you is He Who gave you everything.” (St. Augustine)