TITLE: Friday 5th June (St Boniface, Bishop and Martyr)
GOSPEL: Mk 12:35-37 
Jesus said, "How can the scribes say that the Christ is the son of David? David himself, inspired by the Holy Spirit, declared, 'The Lord said to my Lord, Sit at my right hand, till I put thy enemies under thy feet.' David himself calls him Lord; so how is he his son?" And the great majority of the people heard this with delight.
COMMENTS: ‘_With delight!_’ Can you imagine that? Crowds being around Him and listening to Him with delight. And He was not telling jokes or performing magic tricks. He was just preaching the Gospel. It would be great if I could say that I read His words in the Gospel with delight; or that I attend Holy Mass with delight, or that I listen to Him in my prayer with delight. 
But let’s be honest, there are many other things more delightful for us. You don’t invite your friends to your birthday party and offer them to read the Gospels for hours as the most appealing activity of the evening... But you can ask now, in your prayer, to be able to feel more attraction to be with Him, or listen to Him in prayer, or in the Mass. He can change your likes. 
In 1927 a young priest called José María Somoano (who would later be poisoned out of hatred for the Faith) was spending his first months of priesthood in a military hospital. Many came to Mass every morning, but soon they realized that the priest, very much in love with the Eucharist, was celebrating the Mass calmly and carefully. One day some officers came to complain that the Mass was too long, they had many other things to do during the day and they would be grateful if he could shorten it a bit. The young priest decided to teach them a lesson.
The following day the priest came into the operating theatre when they were performing surgery to a patient and said: ‘_Sorry to disturb, but... looks like you are going too slow; could you shorten the operation a bit?_’ The doctors, shocked at the interruption, said: ‘_What are you saying?! We have to take the time that the patient needs. There is a man here!_’ ‘_I see_, answered the holy priest, ‘_you want me to hurry the Mass, but at Mass there is a Man Who is God!_’




