TITLE: Saturday 6th June
GOSPEL: Mk 12:38-44 
Jesus sat down opposite the treasury, and watched the multitude putting money into the treasury. Many rich people put in large sums. And a poor widow came, and put in two copper coins, which make a penny. And he called his disciples to him, and said to them, "Truly, I say to you, this poor widow has put in more than all those who are contributing to the treasury. For they all contributed out of their abundance; but she out of her poverty has put in everything she had, her whole living."
COMMENTS: Two small copper coins, the lowest value in circulation during that time, almost nothing, but Jesus was moved at the generosity of that widow. It was not about the amount, but about the generosity of giving “_everything she had, her whole living_”. 
There are many examples of generous people in the Gospel: the Apostles, Mary Magdalene, Nicodemus, Joseph of Arimathea, the Magi... They didn’t give just money, but themselves. You can’t calculate with God. It’s like going to buy something you like in a second-hand market and when asking the price you are told: ‘_It costs_ @all@ _you have in your pocket_’. God asks for everything you can give: not in terms of coins, but in terms of talents. He wants your love, your time, your dedication to others, your work well done... 
_Whether much or little, God asks for everything!_ You can’t bargain with God. He can’t be content with just part of what He asks for. Consider this slowly: _You can only win God over when you give Him the last penny_.
Siegfried Sassoon was an English poet, writer, and soldier. Decorated for bravery on the Western Front, he became one of the leading poets of the First World War. After his conversion to Catholicism, he wrote: “_I have often asked my poor old self how much I would have been prepared to give up by becoming a Catholic. And the answer was always the same. Everything asked of me. How could it be otherwise?_”.
Do I give Him what He asks for? Could Jesus be moved by my generosity?