TITLE: Monday 8th June
GOSPEL: Mt 5:1-12 
Jesus said to his disciples: "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. "Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted. "Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. "Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied. "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called sons of God. "Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. "Blessed are you when men revile you and persecute you and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely on my account. Rejoice and be glad, for your reward is great in heaven, for so men persecuted the prophets who were before you.
COMMENTS: Everything is the other way around: Jesus calls blessed those who are poor, mourning, hungry for justice, persecuted... The crowning of the speech says: "_Blessed are you when men revile you and persecute you and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely on my account_”. Blessed means _happy_, and Jesus is explaining here that happiness doesn’t come with wealth, power, fame and disordered pleasures. 
Do you get the picture? Jesus looked out over a crowd of people who were poor, mourning, and hungry; and who had been bullied, abused, and exploited. And he told them: ‘_God is on your side! You can be happier than anyone else: The kingdom of heaven is for you! And we’re about to start turning the world right-side up again!_’
If we see things with the eyes of God we will realize that what is a scourge for many, is a blessing for us. The Beatitudes tell us that, when things go wrong, we are not losers but winners because God is on our side. Now in your prayer, think about all the things that don’t go as you expect them to go: when you suffer injustice, misunderstanding, lack of material things or lack of charity or respect from others... all these bring you closer to real happiness. The saints learned the lesson. Ask Jesus to teach you it as well.