TITLE: Tuesday 9th June
GOSPEL: Mt 5:13-16
Jesus said: "You are the light of the world. A city set on a hill cannot be hid. Nor do men light a lamp and put it under a bushel, but on a stand, and it gives light to all in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father who is in heaven.”
COMMENTS: We Christians are light, not like the sun, but like the moon. The difference is obvious: the sun produces light, the moon only reflects it. God produces light and saints reflect the light of God. And we are meant to shine. The lights of a motorbike have two different functions: to see your path and to be seen by other drivers. For that reason they should be always on.
The light of Christians shouldn't be hidden; if that happened you wouldn't see your way clearly or be seen by others. You wouldn’t help others to see either. Some people prefer darkness; they prefer not to see. If someone sees a beggar starving, he may feel compelled to help... It's better if he looks the other way: if he doesn't see him, he won't have to help him. So better not to look in the first place.
Those people don't like the light, because if they see they have to act. It’s like when your mum turns the light on in the morning. That's annoying; and it also forces you to get up... and it’s so comfortable to stay in bed! In the same way, people don't want to think about certain things because they may make them change... And it is so comfortable to stay as you are! They don't want to think about death, or hell or poor people suffering or victims of injustice... They don't want to change and complicate their lives.
But we have the _obligation_ to shine, to give light, to make others see clearly, and then make them react. It's more comfortable to keep a low profile and not to complicate our life and their lives. “_You may find it hard, for it's easier to be inhibited. It's easier to behave that way, but it's not supernatural. And you will have to render an account to God for such omissions_” (St Josemaría).