TITLE: Wednesday 10th June

GOSPEL: Mt 10:7-13 
"Think not that I have come to abolish the law and the prophets; I have come not to abolish them but to fulfil them. For truly, I say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, not an iota, not a dot, will pass from the law until all is accomplished. Whoever then relaxes one of the least of these commandments and teaches men so, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but he who does them and teaches them shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.”
COMMENTS: God, as a good professor, teaches things gradually. It’s like building: The Old Testament was the foundation. But you don’t stop the building there. You have a solid base and build on top of it. Jesus didn’t demolish what God taught in the Old Testament and then start from scratch. No. He took all that and built on top of it. As the Scout song says: _Make new friends, but keep the old. One is silver and the other gold_.
With silver and gold, we have now the jewel of the Bible. God has left there all we need. No more. No less. In the Sacred Scriptures there is not a single extra word or missing word; and it has been written all for you. 
Imagine that a friend comes to tell you that there is someone who has fallen in love with you, who loves you madly, is crazy about you, talking about you, and... kissing a picture of you all the time...: Crazy! They also tell you that this person has written a letter to you explaining everything, and they give you that letter. Would you read it? Even if it’s only out of curiosity you would take that letter and, at least, start reading it to find out who could be so crazy about you. God is! He is madly in love with you and has written the Scriptures for you.
“_When you open the Holy Gospel, think that what is written there — the words and deeds of Christ — is something that ... has been gathered, detail by detail, for you to make it come alive in the individual circumstances of your life. Take up the Gospel every day, then, and read it and live it as a definite rule. This is what the saints have done_” (St Josemaría, The Forge 754).