TITLE: Thursday 11th June (St Barnabas, Apostle) 
GOSPEL: Mt 10:7-13 
Jesus said to his apostles, "preach as you go, saying, 'The kingdom of heaven is at hand.' Heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse lepers, cast out demons. You received without paying, give without pay. Take no gold, nor silver, nor copper in your belts, no bag for your journey, nor two tunics, nor sandals, nor a staff; for the labourer deserves his food. And whatever town or village you enter, find out who is worthy in it, and stay with him until you depart. As you enter the house, salute it. And if the house is worthy, let your peace come upon it; but if it is not worthy, let your peace return to you."
COMMENTS: St Barnabas wasn’t one of the 12 Apostles, but he probably was among the 72 disciples who Jesus sent to preach ahead of Him. In the Gospel today you can read the instructions that Jesus gave to them, and that we can summarize as: ‘_Go and preach, and don’t worry about anything else; just rely on God_’.
We know two important things about Barnabas. We know that he was generous: he “_sold a field which belonged to him, and brought the money and laid it at the apostles' feet_” to be distributed among the needy. The other thing that we know about him, and we are really grateful for is that he was a ‘_football scout_’ a great ‘talent-spotter’. After the martyrdom of St Stephen many Christians ran away from Jerusalem. Many came to Antioch and spread their faith there. The Apostles heard of it and sent St Barnabas there. In Antioch he found out two things: 1) Christians had multiplied by thousands; 2) he couldn’t cope with all that apostolic work by himself. So he did something that changed the history of the world: “_Barnabas went to Tarsus to look for Saul; and when he had found him, he brought him to Antioch_”. He searched for St Paul and set him to work. You see? Saul became the Apostle he was because Barnabas was the Apostle he was! 
You and I are apostles who have to look for more apostles, find them, bring them to Jesus and, together with them, change the course of history. 