TITLE: Friday 12th June (The Most Sacred Heart of Jesus)
GOSPEL: Jn 19:31-37 
One of the soldiers pierced his side with a spear, and at once there came out blood and water. He who saw it has borne witness--his testimony is true, and he knows that he tells the truth--that you also may believe. For these things took place that the scripture might be fulfilled, "They shall look on him whom they have pierced."
COMMENTS: The whole month of June is devoted to the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus because of today’s Solemnity. And this feast has two aspects: on the one hand gratefulness for the wonders of God’s love for us, and on the other there is reparation, because this love is often poorly responded to. Our Lord appeared to St Margaret Mary Alacoque showing her His Most Sacred Heart and saying: ‘*See this Heart that has loved men so much and has spared itself nothing until it has exhausted itself and consumed itself in order to show them its love. I receive in return scarcely anything but ingratitude because of their irreverence and sacrileges, and because of the coldness and disdain they show towards Me in this sacrament of love*’.
Pope Francis called an Italian man who was sick, to comfort him, even though the Pope didn’t know him. When the man, Franco Rabuffi, heard the Pope saying "_Hello, I'm Pope Francis_", he hung up thinking it was a prank call. The Pope called again. Again the man hung up. The Pope insisted until the man realized it really was Pope Francis: no one insists so many times if it’s not true. The Pope found it funny and invited the man and his wife to a public audience where Pope Francis hugged them both. The Holy Father was acting with the Heart of Jesus. Jesus wants to tell everyone how much He loves us, and He never gives up on us – he keeps calling - and will always find ways of letting us know how much he loves us.
Let’s make up with our love, for the lack of gratitude of men and women, and help people to “_look on him whom they have pierced_" with their sins.
