TITLE: Saturday 13th June (The Immaculate Heart of Mary)
GOSPEL: Lk 2:41-51
Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the Passover. And when he was twelve years old, they went up according to custom; and when the feast was ended, as they were returning, the boy Jesus stayed behind in Jerusalem. ... After three days they found him in the temple... And when they saw him they were astonished; and his mother said to him, "Son, why have you treated us so? Behold, your father and I have been looking for you anxiously." 
COMMENTS: Imagine how Mary must have felt searching for Jesus during those three days: her anxiety... Her Immaculate Heart was full of love for Jesus, and is full of love for you. As St Louis de Montfort explains: "_If you put all the love of all the mothers into one heart it still would not equal the love of the Heart of Mary for her children_." So now she is taking care of you, and if you are lost, she is in distress until she gets you back. She will never give up until you are with her Divine Son. 
Ask her: “_Mary my Mother, give me your heart so beautiful, so pure, so Immaculate, so full of love and humility, that I may be able to receive Jesus_” (Bl Teresa of Calcutta).
And following the advice of St Bernard, take refuge in her Immaculate Heart: “_If the winds of temptations arise, if you run into the rocks of tribulations, look at the star, invoke Mary. If you are tossed about by the waves of pride, ambition, betrayal and jealousy, look at the star, invoke Mary. If anger or avarice or the seductions of the flesh shake the little boat of your soul, look at Mary. If, troubled by the enormity of your crimes, confounded by the uncleanliness of your conscience, frozen with fright at the thought of judgment, you start to be swallowed up by the gulf of sadness and the abyss of despair, think about Mary. In perils, in anguish, in doubt, think about Mary, invoke Mary. If you follow her, you do not go astray. If you pray to her, you do not despair. If you consult her, you are not wrong. If she supports you, you do not fall. If she protects you, you fear nothing. If she leads you, you do not tire. If she is favourable to you, you reach your aim_”.
