TITLE: Sunday 14th June
GOSPEL: Mk 4:26-34 
And he said, "The kingdom of God is as if a man should scatter seed upon the ground, and should sleep and rise night and day, and the seed should sprout and grow, he knows not how. The earth produces of itself, first the blade, then the ear, then the full grain in the ear. But when the grain is ripe, at once he puts in the sickle, because the harvest has come." 
COMMENTS: A man scatters seed... and the rest just happens. God gives light, soil, rain, and the crop sprouts and grows. You, Lord, want me to know that everything takes time to grow, but if I plant the seed, You make it grow. This is so, for example, in my life of prayer. I plant the seed (I start to pray) and You provide the sun, good soil and the rain of your grace, and it grows. But if I don’t plant the seed, the good soil with pure water and abundant light from the sun will remain barren.
You, my Jesus, can’t make me a soul of prayer if I don’t plant the seed. I won’t pray if I don’t want to. Nothing will be lacking on Your part, but still, nothing will grow where nothing was planted. I start my prayer life, I sow the seed. And then You, Lord, can make it grow.
But let’s not be impatient. It takes time! I wouldn’t help my plant if, eager to see it grow, I take the sprout with my fingers and start pulling it up! It wouldn’t help me either to measure its height every day. Don’t try to grow too fast; don’t waste your time wondering if your prayer is improving or not. As the Gospel says today, whatever he does, “_should sleep and rise night and day, and the seed should sprout and grow, he knows not how_”.
The enemy doesn’t like you praying, so he will suggest to you that it’s not worth the effort, that your prayer is not ‘_prayer_’ at all; that you could do better things with your time than wasting it in prayer. St Ignatius explains that after you have made a decision to pray, “_the devil may try to make you have second thoughts. Intensify your prayer time, meditation, and good deeds. For if Satan's temptations merely cause you to increase your efforts to grow in holiness, he'll prefer to leave you alone_”.
