TITLE: Monday 15th June 
GOSPEL: Mt 5:38-42 
"You have heard that it was said, 'An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.' But I say to you, Do not resist one who is evil. But if any one strikes you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also; and if any one would sue you and take your coat, let him have your cloak as well; and if any one forces you to go one mile, go with him two miles. Give to him who begs from you, and do not refuse him who would borrow from you." 

COMMENTS: In the old days, if someone struck you and you lost one of your teeth, you had the right to strike back. But you need to calculate the stroke well, for if two teeth fall, he may have to strike you again to make even. You can guess how this is going to end: both toothless. To answer to injustice with another injustice only makes things worse. Little children say that: ‘He started it!’ Or even: ‘_It all started when he punched me back!_’
But the lesson of our Lord is infallible. We Christians have to be ready to receive injustice and never hit back. That’s the end of the argument. Have you ever thought what would happen if, when they call you ‘ugly’ you smile and keep doing what you were doing? ‘_Nothing_’. Exactly! And if, on the contrary, you find another name to call him back...? This is the lesson: the infallible way to stop all arguments, discussions and fights: don’t answer back.
Ask Jesus for the humility you need to be able to receive injustice and remain always calm and cheerful. Follow the example of the saints. One day some envious priests wrote a letter to the bishop asking for St John Mary Vianney, Cure of Ars, to be removed from the parish of Ars because he was a poor priest. The letter was sent round the parishes to be signed by all other priests who might want to sign it. By mistake, the letter ended on St John Mary’s desk as well. He read it and, without hesitating a second... signed it! You can imagine how funny the Bishop thought it was! Of course, he was never removed. He was humble enough to react to injustice calmly and cheerfully.