TITLE: Tuesday 16th June
GOSPEL: Mt 5:43-48 
“Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven; for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust. For if you love those who love you, what reward have you? ... You, therefore, must be perfect, as your heavenly Father is perfect."
COMMENTS: When Jesus says “_be perfect_”, He’s not asking us to be obsessive perfectionists, but rather to strive for perfection; not to settle for mediocrity and to want to improve always. He didn’t say ‘don’t fight back against your enemies’, He said, “_love your enemies and pray for them_”. That’s perfection. “_For if you love those who love you, what reward have you?_” To love those who love us ... that’s very easy! Of all of Jesus’ teachings, loving our enemies is one of the most difficult to live.
But Christian virtue goes beyond that ‘_loving the unlovable_’. Pope Francis, talking about those who kill Christians said “_Pray! This is what Jesus advises us: ‘Pray for your enemies! Pray for those who persecute you!’ Pray! And say to God: ‘Change their hearts. They have a heart of stone, but change it, for a heart of flesh, so that they may feel relief and love. Let me just ask this question and let each of us answer it in our own heart: ‘Do I pray for my enemies? Do I pray for those who do not love me?’_”
The Gospel of Luke, instead of saying: “_Be perfect as your heavenly Father is perfect_” says, “_be merciful as your Father is merciful_”; so perfection is shown in mercy. One day Jesus said to St Faustina: “_Have great love for those who cause you suffering. Do good to those who hate you. Be always merciful as I am merciful. Love everyone out of love for Me, even your greatest enemies_”. We pray for Christians persecuted in the whole world, but also for those who persecute them: Pray for the enemies of humanity, those who enslave others, who loot, who murder, who sell their fellow human beings, ISIS, jihadist organizations, regimes that imprison Christians or forbid religion, criminal organizations...