TITLE: Wednesday 17th June
GOSPEL: Mt 6:1-6, 16-18
"Beware of practicing your piety before men in order to be seen by them; for then you will have no reward from your Father who is in heaven. Thus, when you give alms, sound no trumpet before you, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may be praised by men. Truly, I say to you, they have received their reward. But when you give alms, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, so that your alms may be in secret; and your Father who sees in secret will reward you."
COMMENTS: You, Lord, are ‘my audience’. I ask you for the help I need to do everything only for You, always. May I never be worried by what others think about me... only about what You think. How much energy I waste when I start thinking about what others think of me, of my work or my deeds or my appearance... 
‘_I should only think about You, Lord, and do everything for Your glory_’. It sounds good, but it’s not easy because we tend to think too much about ourselves. But to think only about You, my Jesus, gives peace. Pope John Paul I wrote the following story about a cook called John: “_Outside the kitchen door the dogs were lying down. John slaughtered a calf and threw the entrails into the yard. The dogs fell on them, ate them, and said: ‘He's a good cook; he cooks well.’ Some time after that, John was shelling peas, peeling onions; he threw the husks into the yard. The dogs rushed over, but, sniffing scornfully, they said: ‘The cook is spoiled; he's worthless now.’ John, however, was not upset by this opinion; he said, ‘It is the master who must eat and enjoy my meals, not the dogs. The master's appreciation is enough for me.’_”
I know well, my Jesus, that you are my audience; it is for You that I do what I do. I study for You, and not for my marks; I behave at home for You, not for any reward from my mum; I help my friends for You, not for what I can get from them or so they think well of me; I go to Mass and I pray and I say the rosary for You, and not to impress anyone: “_The master's appreciation is enough for me._”

