TITLE: Thursday 18th June
GOSPEL: Mt 6:7-15 
"And in praying do not heap up empty phrases as the Gentiles do; for they think that they will be heard for their many words. Do not be like them, for your Father knows what you need before you ask him. Pray then like this: Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come..." 

COMMENTS: When you pray, don’t be like the folks who “_think that they will be heard for their many words._” This isn’t about beautiful and creative speeches. He knows everything already. In fact, every prayer is creative no matter what you say, providing you say something. To create means to produce something new that didn’t exist before, and none of your words existed before you said them. Give God the joy of your dialogue.
So then... what should I say? _Anything_. God loves your prayer so much that anything is good, even though some things are better than others. Can I speak about football? Well, yes: do you speak about football with your friends? Is Jesus your friend? So... if it helps you... go ahead! But as you do when you have a guest, try to talk about what He likes, more than about what you like. You shouldn’t pray for your sake, but for His sake: ‘_I pray because You love it, Lord_’.
Sometimes things come to your mind easily, and some other times your mind seems empty... don’t worry: “_Prayer is not a question of what you say or feel, but of love. And you love when you try hard to say something to the Lord, even though you might not actually say anything_” (St Josemaría).
St John Mary Vianney once noticed a peasant come in to the church and stay for a while in front of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament. The Saint, out of curiosity and a desire to learn, asked this man what he said, what he prayed about during all that time before Jesus in the Eucharist. The Peasant replied, "_I say nothing, I look at Him and He looks at me_." 
“_Pray any way you like, so long as you do pray_” (St John Paul II). Ask Him: _Do You, Lord, like my prayer?_ Listen to Him: @I LOVE it!@
