TITLE: Saturday 20th June
GOSPEL: Mt 6:24-34 
Jesus said to his disciples “do not be anxious about your life, what you shall eat or what you shall drink, nor about your body, what you shall put on... Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they neither toil nor spin; yet I tell you, even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. But if God so clothes the grass of the field, which today is alive and tomorrow is thrown into the oven, will he not much more clothe you, O men of little faith?"  
COMMENTS: The command is clear: “_Don’t be anxious_”; God is in command. We should always trust God who, as the best of Fathers, knows what He is doing. So, when you pray, remember that the best words for praying are: “_Your Will be done_”, because that’s always the best.
Do you remember the end of the film _Ratatouille_? Linguini asks Anton Ego to choose a dessert; he hesitates for a moment and then, looking at the rat Remy through the kitchen window, says: “_Surprise me!_” That’s a confident way to address God in our prayer, because He knows best.
When you pray for something or for someone, don’t be anxious if God makes you wait, because prayers are ALWAYS heard. But God isn’t like a vending machine. He is a Father, and fathers give what their children _need_ and not always what their children _want_. Lack of trust always hurts. But trust fills God’s Heart with joy. Let Him decide and surprise you and don’t be anxious. 
After a shipwreck, the only survivor arrived on a desert island. After great sufferings he managed to fish and found water to drink. For weeks he saw no sign of rescue of any kind. With great effort he built a hut and spent hours praying for his rescue. One night there was a storm, not great rain but lots of lightning and thunder. One struck his hut and set it on fire. He was indignant with God: “_Why do you treat me like this?!¬_” The following morning a ship came to rescue him. “_How did you find me?_ he asked. They told him: “_We saw your fire!_”
