TITLE: Sunday 21st June
GOSPEL: Mk 4:35-41
They took him with them in the boat, just as he was. And other boats were with him. And a great storm of wind arose, and the waves beat into the boat, so that the boat was already filling. But he was in the stern, asleep on the cushion; and they woke him and said to him, "Teacher, do you not care if we perish?" And he awoke and rebuked the wind, and said to the sea, "Peace! Be still!" And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm. He said to them, "Why are you afraid? Have you no faith?"
COMMENTS: Here we see Your disciples afraid of sinking, and apparently You didn’t care! They are in the middle of a great calamity, and You... asleep! And they awoke you and complained "_Teacher, do you not care if we perish?_" Sometimes it looks like You are sleeping when I am in the middle of some trouble, and think "_Lord, don’t you care...?_" But I know You do care! So why didn’t You spare them the fright? I understand now: You didn’t leave them; You were with them all the time; they had no cause to worry, knowing that You were in the boat with them. You didn’t want them to suffer, but to trust You! 
And yet, You didn’t stop the storm until they asked for Your help. You know what we need, but want us to ask for it. May I never delay asking for Your help when I suffer any kind of distress; and if I ever forget to go to You, remind me that You are never indifferent to my affliction, You don’t abandon me, even if it looks like You are sleeping. You always care but often wait to be asked for help before You give it. 
When St Thomas Aquinas was a little child he was at boarding school with the friars of Montecasino. One night there was a terrible storm with thunder and lightning. A friar went to his room to check if the child was fine but he couldn’t find him. Eventually he found him in the chapel, hugging the Tabernacle. ‘_What are you doing here?_’ asked the friar. ‘_I was afraid of the storm_’, said little Thomas, ‘_and since Jesus calmed storms, I came to be with Him._”
May I always come to You, my Jesus, when anything troubles me.