TITLE: Tuesday 23rd June
GOSPEL: Mt 7:6, 12-14
"Enter by the narrow gate; for the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction, and those who enter by it are many. For the gate is narrow and the way is hard, that leads to life, and those who find it are few."
COMMENTS: Yesterday St John Fisher and Thomas More gave us an example of not compromising the truth. Scripture says: “_a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and the two shall become one_”, and no authority on earth can change the words of God. Today Jesus describes the gate to enter Heaven, and no authority on earth can change the dimensions of that gate. The “_gate is narrow and the way is hard_”. The teaching is clear: if you don’t find it difficult to practice your faith... you are going in the wrong way. 
There are no shortcuts, no easy alternative way... It they show you a wishy-washy path to Heaven, downhill, with a wide gate... be suspicious: “_the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction_”.
To pray every day, to go to Mass, to try always to do what you should and to do it always as you should ... to be kind to your brothers and sisters and to be charitable all the time towards people who you find annoying... There is no such thing as an easy way to Heaven. Imagine a marathon: you see those poor runners so exhausted that you feel pity; as an act of mercy, you can put a finishing tape 15 km before the race finishes. It may release them, indeed... but they won’t finish the marathon they are running! The best act of mercy is to help them to reach the finishing line cheering, supporting and encouraging them; but never by lying. 
Let’s be honest: “_the gate is narrow and the way is hard_” and I can’t change that. But I don’t walk the way on my own: You, Lord, walk with me; if I fall You pick me up, and if I get tired You encourage me and help me to keep walking. I’m not afraid of the gate or the way, as long as You walk at my side. My dear Lord, bring me to Heaven with You!
