TITLE: Thursday 25th June 
GOSPEL: Mt 7:21-29
"Not every one who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of my Father who is in heaven ... Every one then who hears these words of mine and does them will be like a wise man who built his house upon the rock; and the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and beat upon that house, but it did not fall, because it had been founded on the rock." 
COMMENTS: Not everyone who prays ‘_Lord, Lord..._’, not everyone who does some good things or says some prayers will enter the kingdom of Heaven. You can do lots things, like build a ten-story building, but if you don’t do the Will of God... it has no foundation, and it collapses. Some may think that Christian life is about accumulating prayers: if you pray ten Hail Marys instead of one, they think, you are ten times holier. But it’s not so. Only if you do the Will of God will you become a saint. 
Praying the rosary during your maths lesson, is praying, but not doing what God wants you to do (i.e. pay attention and offer it to God). If you read the Gospel whilst riding your bicycle you risk your life. Holiness is about doing what we ought to do at a particular moment; that is the Will of God and the foundation of your holiness. When it’s time to pray, we pray; when it’s time to study, we study; when it’s time to sleep... we sleep.
Have you ever read the story of Sisyphus? In Greek mythology, Sisyphus was a king of Ephyra. He was punished for chronic deceitfulness by being compelled to roll an immense boulder up a hill, only to watch it roll back down, repeating this action forever. Some may think that Christian life is like that: just doing good things over and over, like Sisyphus rolling his boulder. In a sense they are right. The Christian who just makes an outward show of things, without sincerely trying to do what God wants, is building without foundation, and rolling Sisyphus’ boulder: all he does comes to nothing. “_Do you really want to be a saint? Carry out the little duty of each moment: do what you ought and concentrate on what you are doing_” (St. Josemaría).