TITLE: Friday 26th June (St Josemaría)
GOSPEL: Lk 5:1-11
Jesus was standing by the lake of Gennesaret. And he saw two boats by the lake; but the fishermen had gone out of them and were washing their nets. Getting into one of the boats, which was Simons, he asked him to put out a little from the land. And he sat down and taught the people from the boat. And when he had ceased speaking, he said to Simon, "Put out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch." ... And when they had done this, they enclosed a great shoal of fish... when Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, "Depart from me, for I am a sinful man, O Lord."... And Jesus said to Simon, "Do not be afraid; henceforth you will be catching men."
COMMENTS: Peter and Andrew spent the whole night fishing and caught nothing. They were exhausted and probably upset. They had called it a day and were washing their nets, thinking about their breakfast and their rest... when You, Lord, showed up. Peter saw You getting into his boat, without asking for permission or saying anything! That is the way You get into the lives of your disciples. You can do that. After all, the sea, the trees and the whole world are Yours, aren't they?
When you want, as You want, where You want, You meet Your disciples and get into their lives. That’s what You did with Peter, without asking his permission. Peter was afraid and said to You "_Depart from me_”, but You had plans for him. You seem to say, ‘I need St Peter, to fish men, and St Andrew and St James... and St Josemaría... and you as well’. 
It was from Peter’s place of work, from his boat that You, my Jesus, preached. And today from my place of work, from my classroom, my library, my study room, You keep preaching to the world. My work very well done, sanctified and offered up to You and for Your Glory, will become the boat from which You preach today, and You will attract people to Yourself. As You got into Peter’s boat, get into my life and, with my work well done, and my life of prayer, let’s keep fishing together, catching men in Your net until all of them may rest with You on the shore.