TITLE: Sunday 28th June (where St Peter and Paul are celebrated on Monday)
GOSPEL: Mk 5:21-43
There was a woman who had suffered from a haemorrhage for twelve years; after long and painful treatment under various doctors, she spent all she had without being any the better for it, in fact, she was getting worse. She had heard about Jesus, and she came up behind him through the crowd and touched his cloak. 'If I can touch even his clothes,' she had told herself 'I shall be well again.' And the source of the bleeding dried up instantly, and she felt in herself that she was cured of her complaint. Immediately aware that power had gone out from him, Jesus turned round in the crowd and said, 'Who touched my clothes?'
COMMENTS: Just a touch of His clothes was enough to solve her painful sickness. All the miracles of our Lord are different. In some of them He asks first about the faith of the person who comes to Him; on one occasion, when ten lepers came to Him, He sent them to see the priests and on their way they were healed; on another occasion He sent the centurion back home promising that his servant was cured (as he was); but on most occasions He first touched the sick person. He touched lepers and they were healed; He touched blind, deaf and mute people and they were healed.
But this woman was different. She didn’t come to ask Jesus for her healing; she ‘took’ it herself. She didn’t bother with an explanation of her sickness or her desire to be healed... she just came and touched Jesus without asking for anything; not even for permission. She touched Jesus knowing that the fringe of His garment was enough. She was full of faith. And Jesus loves that.
We too, Lord, have the opportunity to touch You; not just Your garments, not just a piece of cloth that You have touched, not a relic from You. We can touch You every day in Holy Communion, and there all sicknesses are cured, all virtues are achieved, vices are overcome, graces are received. May I always come to touch You with the faith of this woman, who knew that it could fail. To touch You is to be healed.