TITLE: Monday 29th June
GOSPEL: Mt 8:18-22
Now when Jesus saw great crowds around him, he gave orders to go over to the other side. And a scribe came up and said to him, "Teacher, I will follow you wherever you go." And Jesus said to him, "Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man has nowhere to lay his head." Another of the disciples said to him, "Lord, let me first go and bury my father." But Jesus said to him, "Follow me, and leave the dead to bury their own dead." 
COMMENTS: These men had probably been following Jesus for some time, had heard Him preaching and were captivated by Him. They decide that the moment has come to take a step forward and they want to become ‘official’ disciples of our Lord: “_I will follow you wherever you go_.” But it is easier said than done...
The second fellow is asking Jesus to wait until his father dies, and then he will follow Jesus: ‘I will follow you ... but not yet’. He asks God to wait! ‘I will follow You, Lord, but give me time’... ‘_Time?!_’ Jesus could say, ‘_your time is now!_’
To make God wait! That’s certainly not what the saints have done. God knows when it’s time; He knows when we are ready. He knew that He had to come across that fellow that precise day and not before or after. But the young man may have thought that it was too early, that it takes time to get things ready...
It is never too early to follow Jesus. One is never too young to give himself to God. St Louis Gonzaga was 15 when he understood that he had to follow Jesus. St Therese of Lisieux was 14; by the age of 12, Bl Teresa of Calcutta had understood that her life was to be only for Jesus; St Dominic Savio was 12 years old when he said to Don Bosco: "If God gives me the call, I very much want to be a priest."
One of the apostles who witnessed Jesus’ conversation was St John the disciple whom Jesus loved. At the end of a long life, St John would write: _We love, because he first loved us._ (1 Jn 4:19). John loved Jesus from his youth, from the very moment he met Our Lord.