TITLE: Tuesday 30th June
GOSPEL: Mt 8:23-27
And when he got into the boat, his disciples followed him. And behold, there arose a great storm on the sea, so that the boat was being swamped by the waves; but he was asleep. And they went and woke him, saying, "Save, Lord; we are perishing." And he said to them, "Why are you afraid, O men of little faith?" Then he rose and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.

COMMENTS: Jesus knew the storm was coming, and yet He still wanted to sail with His disciples. Jesus wanted them to go through the storm. Yes, Jesus wants us to fight and not give up. Temptations are allowed by God because they are good for us. St Augustine put it simply: If there is no temptation there is no fight; if there is no fight there is no victory; if there is no victory there is no prize, no heaven. 
There is a fight, but Jesus is with you. He doesn’t take the temptations and difficulties from you. He helps you to overcome them. He is there to encourage you to never give up. 
Richard was 17 years old. He wanted to become a priest but his exams didn’t go well. The rector of the seminary called Richard’s father, a humble blacksmith, for a chat. Richard came into the rector’s office with his dad. The rector, with affection said to his dad: ‘_Listen, your son is a very good lad; but maybe God is not calling him to be a priest. You have to study hard and pass difficult exams for this. Don’t worry; your son can give glory to God in a different way_.’ Richard writes, ‘_As if it was yesterday, I remember that cold, dark, wet night. We went home in silence, each of us thinking our own thoughts. Mine were sad. Finally, demonstrating indifference as boys sometimes do, I said: ‘They can keep their title! I’ll get a job and help you, dad’. My father put his hand on my shoulder and said these few words: "Don’t give up; Go ahead, son." And I went ahead..._’ So he did. He was Richard Cushing, who became Cardinal of Boston. 
In times of temptation think that God is there, with His Hand on your shoulder saying: "Don’t give up; Go ahead, son."