Visit to the Blessed Sacrament:
V/ O Sacrament most holy! O Sacrament divine! R/ All praise and all thanksgiving, be every moment Thine! 
Our Father, Hail Mary, Glory be... 
[After repeating this three times, we repeat the aspiration ‘O Sacrament most holy…’ and then say the following Spiritual Communion]: 
I wish, Lord, to receive You, with the purity, humility and devotion with which Your most holy Mother received You; with the spirit and fervour of the saints.

Angelus:
V/ The Angel of the Lord declared unto Mary, R/ And she conceived of the Holy Spirit.
Hail Mary.
V/ Behold the handmaid of the Lord, R/ Be it done unto me according to your word.
Hail Mary.
V/ And the Word was made flesh, R/ And dwelt among us.
Hail Mary.
V/ Pray for us, O holy Mother of God, R/ That we may be made worthy of the promises of Christ.
Let us pray. Pour forth, we beseech You, O Lord, Your grace into our hearts: that we, to whom the Incarnation of Christ Your Son was made known by the message of an Angel, may by His Passion and Cross be brought to the glory of His Resurrection. Through the same Christ our Lord. Amen.

Morning offering:
O Jesus, through the most pure heart of Mary, I offer you all the prayers, works, sufferings and joys of this day, for all the intentions of your Divine Heart. Amen.

Memorare:
Remember, O most loving Virgin Mary, that it is a thing unheard of, that anyone ever had recourse to your protection, implored your help, or sought your intercession and was left forsaken. Filled therefore with confidence in your goodness I fly to you, O Mother, Virgin of Virgins. To you I come, before you I stand, a sorrowful sinner. Despise not my poor words, O Mother of the Word of God, but graciously hear and grant my prayer. Amen.

Blessing before meals:
Bless us, O Lord, and these Thy gifts which we are about to receive from Thy bounty, through Christ our Lord, Amen.

Grace after meals: 
We give you thanks, Almighty God, for all Your benefits, who live and reign, world without end. Amen. 
May the souls of the faithful departed, through the mercy of God, rest in peace. Amen.

Act of contrition:
Oh My God, because you are so good, I am very sorry that I have sinned against you, and by the help of your grace, I will not sin again. Amen.

Prayer of St Josemaría for the families:
O God our loving Father,
Creator of all things, you sent your Son, Jesus Christ, our Redeemer, into the home of Mary and Joseph forming the Holy Family of Nazareth; inspire us by their example to imitate their selfless charity in our family life.
Through the intercession of St. Josemaría, help our families to be united in the heart of Christ, enjoying a loving communion with each other, recognizing and upholding the sacredness of marriage, generously welcoming the gift of life, and valuing the inestimable gift of each family member.
Help us dedicate ourselves in generous service to our families and to reflect the love that Christ had for Mary and Joseph, making our family a true domestic Church with Christ at its centre.
Teach us to find Christ in the crosses that occur in family life and help us to find joy in them and write them to him.
Watch over and protect our family so that each member will be faithful to the Gospel and never stray from the path of holiness.  We ask you, through the intercession of St. Josemaría, to grant us the favour of (make your request). Amen.
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, we give our hearts and souls to you.

