TITLE: Wednesday 27th May (St Augustine of Canterbury)
GOSPEL: Mk 10:32-45 
Jesus said to his disciples, "You know that those who are supposed to rule over the Gentiles lord it over them, and their great men exercise authority over them. But it shall not be so among you; but whoever would be great among you must be your servant, and whoever would be first among you must be slave of all. For the Son of man also came not to be served but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many."
COMMENTS: That’s our greatness: “_He who is greatest among you shall be your servant_” (Mt 23). To be able to serve you need to love, and love is the most important virtue: a mother serves her children because she loves them. We too will serve if we love. And to serve others we also need to forget ourselves, to stop that excessive worry about ‘me’. And service has to be done with _a smile_, with a generous heart, without expecting anything in return. 
Saint Josemaría, who was fond of saying: “_my pride is to serve_”, used to help sick people with tuberculosis in a hospital accompanied by young students. They took care of combing their hair, of shaving them, cutting their nails, washing them or cleaning their chamber pots. That was really awful. One day, a young student called Luis Gordon was asked to clean a chamber pot full of filth, and he couldn’t help a gesture of repulsion. St Josemaría followed Luis thinking he might even faint from the smell. Instead he was really impressed to find him hard at work, with his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, cleaning the pot with his bare hand while he said in a low voice: _'Jesus, may I put on a good face!'_
You can pray the same today: _Jesus, may I always put on a good face when I serve the others for Your sake_.
“_I see Jesus in every human being. I say to myself, this is hungry Jesus, I must feed him. This is sick Jesus. This one has leprosy or gangrene; I must wash him and tend to him. I serve because I love Jesus... Intense love does not measure . . . it just gives._” (Bl Teresa of Calcutta). 
“_To give oneself sincerely to others is so effective that God rewards it with a humility filled with cheerfulness_” (St Josemaría).