TITLE: Thursday 28th May
GOSPEL: Mk 10:46-52
Bartimaeus, a blind beggar, the son of Timaeus, was sitting by the roadside. And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out and say, "Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me!" And many rebuked him, telling him to be silent; but he cried out all the more, "Son of David, have mercy on me!" And Jesus stopped and said, "Call him." And they called the blind man, saying to him, "Take heart; rise, he is calling you." And throwing off his mantle he sprang up and came to Jesus. And Jesus said to him, "What do you want me to do for you?" And the blind man said to him, "Master, let me receive my sight."
COMMENTS: Many interesting things can help you to pray today with this text. Bartimaeus heard that Jesus was passing by and didn’t want to miss his opportunity: he shouted. People asked him to be silent; but “_he cried out all the more_”, not giving up until Jesus stopped: _tenacity_. Then Jesus didn’t call him directly, but asked others to call him: _Apostolate_. And the quick reaction from the blind man: as soon as he heard that Jesus was calling him, _throwing off his mantle he sprang up_: _docility_. 
But I consider now, Lord, Your strange question: "_What do you want me to do for you?_" Surely?! Everybody knew what it was and You more than anyone else! He wasn’t shouting at You like a madman just to get some coins. He was a blind man! Why, then, did You ask him if You knew better than he what he needed?
I see! You do the same with my prayer. You know what I want to say or what I want to ask for, and yet, You want me to tell You. You, Lord love to listen to me! You love to hear my prayer. Prayer is not about exchanging information, it’s about love. Picture a mother listening to her child as he tries to explain what he has learned that day in school. The mother would never say: ‘_I knew that already, be quiet and eat your vegetables_’. The mother loves that conversation. And Jesus Christ loves listening to my prayer even more.
"_To pray is to talk to God, but about what? About Him, about yourself; joys, sorrows, successes, and failures, noble ambitions, daily worries, weaknesses! And acts of thanksgiving and petitions: and Love and reparation. In a word: to get to know Him and to get to know yourself: to get acquainted_" (St. Josemaría).