TITLE: Friday 29th May
GOSPEL: Mk 11:11-26
On the following day, when they came from Bethany, he was hungry. And seeing in the distance a fig tree in leaf, he went to see if he could find anything on it. When he came to it, he found nothing but leaves, for it was not the season for figs. And he said to it, "May no one ever eat fruit from you again." And his disciples heard it ... As they passed by in the morning, they saw the fig tree withered away to its roots. And Peter remembered and said to him, "Master, look! The fig tree which you cursed has withered."
COMMENTS: The reaction of Jesus is quite drastic, isn’t it? A tree full of green leaves just withered away to its root the following day. Jesus wanted to use ‘audiovisual media’ to make sure that we would never forget His teaching: Christian life is not about doing ‘_some_’ good things, but about doing what God is expecting us to do.
The tree wasn’t absolutely idle; it was using the sap for ‘something’: producing green leaves, giving shade to tired travellers... It was doing nothing wrong, like producing poisonous figs; it even had an excuse; it was not the season! Some Christians may have a similar attitude: they go to Mass; they say some prayers and give alms... they don’t steal or kill anyone. Oh, yes, they do ‘_some things_’, like the tree producing leaves, or like a footballer jogging around on the pitch, without any intention of kicking the ball... he does something, he doesn’t score own goals... agreed -but he’s useless. 
Some people think that Heaven is for those who don’t do evil things. But that’s not true! Remember what Jesus said to those who were condemned: He didn’t say: ‘_I was hungry and you laughed at me, or I was swimming and you drowned me, or you stole my money..._’ Jesus lists the things that they were supposed to do but didn’t do. This fig tree: didn’t do anything wrong; but didn’t do what it had to do. Similarly, God doesn’t want you to do ‘some good things’... but to do His Will, to give the fruit that we should give. Am I doing the will of God?