TITLE: Wednesday 1st July 
GOSPEL: Mt 8:28-34 
And when he came to the other side, to the country of the Gadarenes, two demoniacs met him, coming out of the tombs, so fierce that no one could pass that way. And behold, they cried out... "If you cast us out, send us away into the herd of swine." And he said to them, "Go." So they came out and went into the swine; and behold, the whole herd rushed down the steep bank into the sea, and perished in the waters ... And behold, all the city came out to meet Jesus; and when they saw him, they begged him to leave their neighbourhood.
COMMENTS: It’s a very sad ending; isn’t it? We read that the whole city came out to find You. That’s not new, we are used to that: people coming to see You; however, this time when they saw You, they begged You “_to leave their neighbourhood_”; I can’t believe it! These folks saw the miracle: You, Lord had healed two men who were “infested” with devils and now are safe and sound; but these people just don’t care. They were more concerned about their swine than the two healed men. 
They have put their heart in their pigs and forgotten to put it in their God. Of course, today not many people have swine, but they have other things to put their hearts in. When they go on holiday they may be more worried about finding WiFi signal than about finding a Church and the times of Mass. 
In 1852 St John Mary Vianney met Francois Dorel walking his beautiful dog in the streets of Ars. He was a plasterer who found it ‘hard’ to go to Mass because of frequent duck-hunting trips. The holy priest spotted him and told him: “_It is greatly to be wished that your soul was as beautiful as your dog_”. The following year that man became a monk! You see? Some people care more of their DOG than of their GOD. Some care more about their tablet, or phone or computer or… And God ask our attention. Sometimes we ask him to leave, like a beggar, like a street dog... _But He always comes back_! When a friend or family member seems to be putting ‘things’ before God, we will do them a big favour if we help them by pointing it out, gently, like St John Mary Vianney.