TITLE: Thursday 2nd July
GOSPEL: Mt 9:1-8 
They brought to him a paralytic, lying on his bed; and when Jesus saw their faith he said to the paralytic, "Take heart, my son; your sins are forgiven." And behold, some of the scribes said to themselves, "This man is blaspheming." But Jesus, knowing their thoughts, said, "Why do you think evil in your hearts? For which is easier, to say, 'Your sins are forgiven,' or to say, 'Rise and walk? But that you may know that the Son of man has authority on earth to forgive sins"--he then said to the paralytic--"Rise, take up your bed and go home." And he rose and went home. When the crowds saw it, they were afraid, and they glorified God, who had given such authority to men.
COMMENTS: You Lord knew well what you were doing. You knew that the man wasn’t thinking about his sins, but his paralysis. But You have your priorities: ‘first things first’. The real evil is not the sickness, however grave it seems. The consequences of sickness last for a while; the consequences of sin can last for all eternity. So this is Your first teaching: The real evil is sin that paralyzes our soul to do good and love You. 
These men knew the theory: ‘Only God can forgive sins’; and You, Lord agree with them, obviously. That was precisely Your point: You ARE God. You can do everything, the difficult and the easy: to forgive sins and to heal sicknesses. Now You have given that authority to Your priests, and for that reason we do what they did: “_they glorified God, who had given such authority to men_”.
I glorify You, Lord for being so good as to leave on earth men with authority to forgive in Your Name; I glorify You because You forgive every sin ‘always, everything, totally, and for ever’. But only when we confess it, as St Augustine said: “_If you don’t say one sin in confession, you shut up sin within your soul, and shut out pardon_“. Jesus explained to St Bridget once: ‘_Just as an animal becomes a stronger beast of burden and more beautiful to behold the more often and better it is fed, so too confession - the more often it is used and the more carefully it is made as to both lesser and greater sins - conveys the soul increasingly forward and is so pleasing to God that it leads the soul to God's very heart_’.
