TITLE: Sunday 5th July
GOSPEL: Mk 6:1-6 
And on the sabbath he began to teach in the synagogue; and many who heard him were astonished, saying, "Where did this man get all this? What is the wisdom given to him? What mighty works are wrought by his hands! Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary and brother of James and Joses and Judas and Simon, and are not his sisters here with us?" And they took offense at him. And Jesus said to them, "A prophet is not without honour, except in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house." And he could do no mighty work there, except that he laid his hands upon a few sick people and healed them. And he marvelled because of their unbelief. And he went about among the villages teaching.
COMMENTS: We usually read that people marvelled listening to Him, but here we find Jesus, in His hometown, Nazareth, “_marvelled because of their unbelief_”. The only other time we read of Jesus marvelling is when He saw the great faith of the Gentile Roman centurion. So once we see Him marvelling at great faith, now we see Him marvelling at no faith. It was something He could not understand. 
They had seen Him growing there in Nazareth; some of them played with Him, were His friends when He was a boy; He made some works for some of them; they knew Him as a normal boy and now they can’t recognize the Rabbi He was because rabbis were trained in a special way; they didn’t expect a carpenter to become a rabbi. He could have worked wonders there, but they didn’t have faith in Him.
Something like that happens with the Eucharist. Some Christians have attended Mass and received Holy Communion since they were children; then they grow used to it and their faith became weaker by the years. St Faustina explains that one day she saw in the Monstrance during the Exposition with the Eucharist the face of Jesus. And Jesus told her: "_What you see in reality, these souls see through faith. Oh, how pleasing to Me is their great faith! You see, although there appears to be no trace of life in Me, in reality it is present in its fullness in each and every Host. But for Me to be able to act upon the soul, the soul must have faith. O how pleasing to Me is living faith!_” Let’s ask today for that faith that enables Jesus to do mighty works, even today.




