TITLE: Monday 6th July (St Maria Goretti)
GOSPEL: Mt 9:18-26 
While he was thus speaking to them, behold, a ruler came in and knelt before him, saying, "My daughter has just died; but come and lay your hand on her, and she will live." ... And when Jesus came to the ruler's house, and saw the flute players, and the crowd making a tumult, he said, "Depart; for the girl is not dead but sleeping." And they laughed at him. But when the crowd had been put outside, he went in and took her by the hand, and the girl arose. And the report of this went through all that district.  
COMMENTS: They laughed at Jesus; they actually _laughed_! They thought they knew better than anyone else. They thought it was impossible for the girl to be alive; they thought Jesus couldn’t do anything. But _thanks God_, they were wrong. It’s not the first, nor the last time they laughed at Jesus; they laughed at the saints, and you should expect that also in your life if you are His disciple.
They laugh at Christians who struggle to live chastity; they think it’s impossible to lead a pure life today; they think that Jesus can’t raise pure souls in our world. But _thanks God_, they are wrong. Today we celebrate the feast of St. Maria Goretti, Martyr of Purity; a beautiful eleven year-old girl, who became the repeated target of the lustful advances of a young man called Allesandro (20 years-old). Every time he tried to seduce her she resisted. Finally, one day, he cornered her and insisted that she submit to him, but she pleaded "_No! No, Allesandro! You will go to hell if you do it!_".
Can you imagine? She was more concerned about her assailant's soul than her own well-being. But he, enraged, stabbed her nearly to death. She survived for another 20 hours and when asked if she forgave him, she replied, "_Yes, for the love of Jesus I forgive him... and I want him to be with me in Paradise_." She died on July 6, 1902. Maria's wish was granted and Allesandro converted in prison. He was present at her canonization, where Pope Pius XII said: "_there is still in this world... an immense multitude on whom the supernatural fragrance of Christian purity exercise an irresistible and reassuring fascination_." St Maria Goretti, intercede for us to lead a pure life.