TITLE: Tuesday 7th July
GOSPEL: Mt 9:32-38 
Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every disease and every infirmity. When he saw the crowds, he had compassion for them, because they were harassed and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd. Then he said to his disciples, "The harvest is plentiful, but the labourers are few; pray therefore the Lord of the harvest to send out labourers into his harvest." 
COMMENTS: Your compassionate Heart, Lord, full of love for Your people, for each one of them made You go around teaching, preaching and healing “_every disease and every infirmity_”. One of the things that makes You so compellingly attractive is Your compassion for people and their problems, Your willingness be at their side and feel what they are feeling. But it doesn’t stop there. It moves You to _reach out_ to them, to do something for them or say something they need to hear. 
You are always ‘_filled with compassion_’. For example, in response to a leper asking to be made clean, we read that You “_filled with compassion_”, reached out Your hand and touched him. On another occasion after You have spent some days healing sick people and teaching the huge crowds, You said, “_I have compassion on the crowd, because they have been with me now three days, and have nothing to eat; and I am unwilling to send them away hungry, lest they faint on the way_.” Your concern, Lord, moved You to act, and You multiplied loaves and fish for all of them.
Today You have compassion on men because they are “_harassed and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd_”; and it moves You to act, to ask Your disciples to pray for labourers, for new disciples who may have compassion on men and _reach out_ to them: to give them what they need or tell them what they need to hear. You need disciples, like me, who may feel compassion for sinners, “_harassed and helpless_”, disciples who are concerned about them, and ‘_reach out_’ to them to bring them back to You.