TITLE: Wednesday 8th July
GOSPEL: Mt 10:1-7 
The names of the twelve apostles are these: first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother; Philip and Bartholomew; Thomas and Matthew the tax collector; James the son of Alphaeus, and Thaddaeus; Simon the Cananaean, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him.
COMMENTS: St Matthew gives us today the list of the twelve disciples, including his own name: Matthew the tax collector. But notice how he starts the list: “_first, Simon, who is called Peter_”. Do you see that? If you make a list, like the list of people in your class, you don’t have to say ‘_first_’, because it’s not a classification. You write them in random order or by names. Matthew doesn’t do that. He says, ‘_first_’, Peter. 
There is a second interesting point. If you say: ‘this is the list: first, Peter’, then you expect to continue the text with the word... ‘_second_...’ But that word is not there. There is one ‘first’ and then eleven more, without any kind of ranking. We know that in some other occasions they had been discussing who the first among them was. Well, apparently Jesus solved the riddle before He ascended into Heaven: Peter was.
First things first: ‘_First, Simon, who is called Peter_’. St Peter gave unity to the twelve; he made possible the coordination of their apostolate; he solved the problems that arose when the first pagans joined the Church. When St Paul had to report about his ministry and check if his doctrine was correct (because he hadn’t known Jesus personally), he explains: “_I went up to Jerusalem to visit Cephas (Peter)_” (Ga 1:18).
Mons. Chichester, bishop of Salisbury (Zimbabwe, Africa), once surprised Pope Pius XII with this question: ‘_Your Holiness, do you sleep well at night?_’ The Pope amazed, replied: ‘_Yes, I do ... but why do you ask me that?_’. ‘_Well, Holy Father_’, the African bishop answered, ‘_when I was little we had a woman at home who took care of us. Every night, when she got us into bed she prayed with us one Hail Mary "for the Pope of Rome, so that he can sleep peacefully despite their many concerns." Since then I have been always saying it, and, honestly, I was curious to know if it worked_’. May we never omit our prayer for the Pope.
