TITLE: Thursday 9th July
GOSPEL: Mt 10:7-15
Heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse lepers, cast out demons. You received without paying, give without pay. Take no gold, nor silver, nor copper in your belts, no bag for your journey, nor two tunics, nor sandals, nor a staff; for the labourer deserves his food. And whatever town or village you enter, find out who is worthy in it, and stay with him until you depart.
COMMENTS: This is an interesting lesson of ‘how to evangelize the world’. Not just because it is Jesus who teaches it, but because it worked. You see? First Christians turned the world upside down without Internet! Saints didn’t waste a second of their lives complaining about what they didn’t have, but using what they had.  
We certainly need means; but we don’t need to be worried about them. We are only worried about souls, and God does the rest. Think about this: In the end, the success of the Apostle doesn’t depend on what he ‘_has_’, but what he ‘_is_’. 
Bl. Dominic Barberi was an Italian priest who wanted to go to England to preach and convert many souls. He wasn’t very welcome; An eyewitness explains how on entering a town, “_the crowds rushed out to gape at and insult him, as if he were a savage beast... the more respectable citizens joined in the hideous outcry against the Demon, the Papist, the Devil!, as they called him_”. His English was very poor. The “th” in words was always an insuperable obstacle. Thus, he warned them that to meditate well they had to be good ‘tinkers’; or to make the point that without faith we can’t be saved, his actual words were: “_Without face it is impossible to be shaved_.” But with all his difficulties, he eventually received in the Catholic faith hundreds of people, including Card Newman. A book on Catholicism in England explains how the fate of this country changed “_on a bleak October day of 1841, when a little Italian priest in comical attire shuffled down a ship's gangway at Folkstone_" (J. Brodrick), with no means other than love for God and zeal for souls.