TITLE: Friday 10th July
GOSPEL: Mt 10:16-23 
"Behold, I send you out as sheep in the midst of wolves; so be wise as serpents and innocent as doves. Beware of men; for they will deliver you up to councils, and flog you in their synagogues, and you will be dragged before governors and kings for my sake, to bear testimony before them and the Gentiles. When they deliver you up, do not be anxious how you are to speak or what you are to say; for what you are to say will be given to you in that hour; for it is not you who speak, but the Spirit of your Father speaking through you.”
COMMENTS: Another interesting lesson about how to do apostolate and evangelizing: “_do not be anxious how you are to speak or what you are to say_”, just go and look for souls, and talk to them. The Holy Spirit will put the words you need to say. He has His funny ways. Sometimes we are worried trying to find the argument that could convince our friends and we forget that they are not moved by arguments, but by God.
A good Christian boy was coming back from school with a friend. He wanted to help him to go to confession again after a long time, but couldn’t think about anything to say. Eventually they passed by a church and he told his friend he wanted to pay a visit to the Blessed Sacrament, and invited him to come along. His friend mocked him and said with sarcasm: ‘_You go, and give my kind regards to Him_’. As he was praying in front of our Lord, he asked the Holy Spirit to do ‘something’, but after a while, nothing came to his mind that he could say.
When he walked out of the church his friend, smiling, asked, ‘_Did He give you any message for me?_’ Without thinking for a second he answered, ‘_He said that He’s waiting for you_’. There was a moment of silence; his friend grew serous. They kept walking for a while until the friend broke the silence asking, ‘_Are you kidding me?_’ ‘_No_, said he. ‘_In that case, we better get back. I need to speak with Him_’. That day his friend went back to confession for the first time in years...