TITLE: Saturday 11th July (St Benedict
)
GOSPEL: Mt 19:27-29 
Then Peter said in reply, "Lo, we have left everything and followed you. What then shall we have?" Jesus said to them, "Truly, I say to you, in the new world, when the Son of man shall sit on his glorious throne, you who have followed me will also sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel. And every one who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or children or lands, for my name's sake, will receive a hundredfold, and inherit eternal life.
COMMENTS: “_What then shall we have?_" We have read the promise of our Lord many times: “_a hundredfold_” and “_eternal life_”. Some people think that, if we give ourselves completely to God here on earth, we may be miserable on earth, although we will be rewarded in Heaven. But that’s not what Jesus said: hundredfold is to be given now, on earth... and eternal life, as well, in Heaven. Happiness in Heaven is for those who know how to be really happy here, on earth.
You see? To give oneself to God is a win-win situation: you win here on earth, and you win there in Heaven; because being with God is being happy (here or there, anywhere). That’s the promise we read today in the Gospel: “_What then shall we have?_" ‘Everything!’ God blesses those who blessed Him; not necessarily in material things, but in happiness. Saints have been the happiest people in history.
Today is the feast of St Benedict, who in the fifth century left everything and founded the first monastery in history. One day a poor man came to the monastery begging for a little oil. St Benedict commanded that the oil be given, but the cellarer refused -because there was only a tiny bit of oil left for the monastery. St Benedict knew that the more you give to God (and others) the more you are given. Upset at this distrust of God's providence, Benedict knelt down to pray. As he prayed a bubbling sound came from inside the oil jar. The monks watched in fascination as oil from God filled the vessel so completely that it overflowed, leaked out beneath the lid and finally pushed the cover off, cascading out on to the floor... ‘_a hundredfold_’.