TITLE: Sunday 12th July
GOSPEL: Mk 6:7-13 
And he called to him the twelve, and began to send them out two by two, and gave them authority over the unclean spirits. And he said to them, "Where you enter a house, stay there until you leave the place..." So they went out and preached that men should repent. And they cast out many demons, and anointed with oil many that were sick and healed them. 
COMMENTS: Until that moment Jesus was always who casted demons and healed people; but that day He began to give ‘authority’ to his disciples to do what He did. The disciples didn’t ask or applied for it. They didn’t even invent the way to do it: they learn it from Jesus. They, in their turn, taught their successors, and those to the next generations. 
When Jesus instituted the sacrament for the sick, He could have left different signs: laying hands, touching them as He did with lepers, rubbing mud as He did once with a blind man, saying some prayers... But He asked His disciples to ‘anoint them with oil’. 
The sick have always been considered the treasure of the Church. Those who are suffering are close to the Cross, and therefore, very close to Jesus Crucified; but they, like Jesus himself, need their fellow Christians close to them, to help them, care for them, support them, pray for them and with them... 
A group of families from a nearby village came to see the missionary to ask for baptism. When he asked them what convinced them, they said: ‘_We have been struck by the care taken of Catholics when they are ill. The catechist goes to visit them, young folk go to pray in their house; you yourself undertake a long journey to go and console them, so we want to die like them also_’. 
"_Suffering also has a special value in the eyes of the Church. It is something good, before which the Church bows down in reverence with all the depth of her faith in the Redemption_." (St John Paul II). Do you know sick people? Do you serve them as you would do with Jesus Himself? That’s your treasure.
