TITLE: Monday 13th July
GOSPEL: Mt 10:34-11:1
"He who receives you receives me, and he who receives me receives him who sent me. He who receives a prophet because he is a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward, and he who receives a righteous man because he is a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward. And whoever gives to one of these little ones even a cup of cold water because he is a disciple, truly, I say to you, he shall not lose his reward." 
COMMENTS: Nothing is small thing in terms of charity, especially when it comes to help a good person to do good. Have you ever wanted to help someone and found yourself without means to do anything? Well, that happens sometimes to good people who intend to help but have nothing to help with. 
Imagine the best football players of the world, all in the same team. They could be terrific! Now imagine that they don’t have boots, sport gear, training fields, money for the public transport to get to the matches... Well, they can be very good, but in those conditions they are useless. Imagine that the man with the best physical conditions in the world for cycling, for example, was driving a taxi because he had never had a bicycle, or means to train, or someone to help him. What a loss it would be for the cycling world!
Your parish church, some charities or associations... many good people want to help and have lots of plans to do great things for men and for the salvation of souls, but sometimes they have no means. And when you help them you multiply the good they do and become part of those ‘good people doing good things’. Sometimes it’s money; but many times it’s something else: it’s your time, your knowledge, your prayer, your encouragement... Anything! Anything that you give to them is always important, “_even a cup of cold water_”. 
An old widow decided to spend her time helping in a centre of special education for handicapped children. When they asked her what was she willing to do, she said: ‘_Anything! I don’t have money or strength, but I still have a heart... I can give that to these children_’. And that was a great deal; wasn’t it? Am I generous as well?