TITLE: Tuesday 14th July (St Camillus de Lellis)
GOSPEL: Mt 11:20-24 
Then he began to upbraid the cities where most of his mighty works had been done, because they did not repent. "Woe to you, Chorazin! woe to you, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works done in you had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes. But I tell you, it shall be more tolerable on the day of judgment for Tyre and Sidon than for you."
COMMENTS: Jesus had been preaching and performing miracles in those cities, but they would not repent. Their problem wasn’t that they had done bad things (we all have). Their problem was that they didn’t repent. People don’t stop becoming a saint because they have mistakes, but because they don’t repent and make amends. Jesus had gone to all these places to ask them to change their way of living, but not many were willing. 
Something like that happened to St Camillus, whose feast we celebrate. His father was a soldier all his life, or rather he was an adventurer so he was seldom at home. His mother died when Camillus was 12. For these and some other reasons, his education was much neglected. He had a violent temper and an obstinate self-will. In school he found low companions for playmates, and very early became addicted to gambling. He eventually joined his father in a foreign camp, and enlisted as a soldier to live as he would. But Jesus came to help him to repent. 
He had his leg wounded and wouldn’t heal, so he was then forced to work as a labourer at the Capuchin friary. There he had his conversion. For a while he thought about joining the Capuchins, but they didn’t’ allow him. When he was transferred to the hospital in Rome and saw poor attention the sick received from the staff of the hospital he understood what God had in store for him. He was ordained a priest and founded the order of Clerks Regular, Ministers to the Sick, known as the Camillians, to take care of the sick. When he died in 1614 they were more than 200 religious people in 15 different houses and 8 hospitals. 
Jesus always comes to help sinners to repent, because every saint has a ‘past’, and every sinner has a ‘future’. We all are meant to be holy.