TITLE: Wednesday 15th July (St Bonaventure) 
GOSPEL: Mt 11:25-27 
At that time Jesus declared, "I thank thee, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hidden these things from the wise and understanding and revealed them to babes; yea, Father, for such was thy gracious will. All things have been delivered to me by my Father; and no one knows the Son except the Father, and no one knows the Father except the Son and any one to whom the Son chooses to reveal him. 

COMMENTS: St Therese of Lisieux understood it properly: ‘_Our Lord needs from us neither great deeds nor profound thoughts. Neither intelligence nor talents. He cherishes simplicity_’. Sometimes people with great intellectual talents are unable to understand You, Lord. Because You don’t reveal Yourself in terms that can only be understood by intelligent people, but by simple people. You talked to lots of people. Some, like Scribes and Pharisees were wise; they had studied the Scriptures and knew by heart the prophecies. They “understood” all Your words. But they didn’t get it. Some fishermen did, though. 
The big and the powerful of Your time, Jesus, didn’t follow You, but some fishermen, publicans, a few illiterate men and women did. It’s true that some scribes and Pharisees did follow You as well, but not because of their intelligence, but of their simplicity and humility. 
Simple saints have turned the world upside down, their memory is alive still and powerful men, kings, emperors and thinkers have been buried and long forgotten. The virtue of simplicity allows God to do His part. Simplicity prevents saints to pretend, to appear as someone they are not; to be seen by men as they are seen by God. They can listen to God, and God listens to them always. 
St Josemaría met a holy woman called Enriqueta, who was mentally disabled. She could do nothing but pray. There was at the time a very anti-catholic newspaper. St Josemaría asked Enriqueta to pray for that newspaper to close down. In a few months, without any explanation, the newspaper went bankrupt and closed for ever. The simplicity of Enriqueta was more powerful than the editors of that newspaper.