TITLE: Thursday 16th July (Our Lady of Mount Carmel)
GOSPEL: Mt 12:46-50 
While he was still speaking to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood outside, asking to speak to him. But he replied to the man who told him, "Who is my mother, and who are my brethren?" And stretching out his hand toward his disciples, he said, "Here are my mother and my brethren! For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother, and sister, and mother."
COMMENTS: We all have some memories of our mother: the expressions she uses, the tone of her voice, the gestures she makes when she finds something funny or annoying, her smell, her favourite song... Jesus, every time His mother is mentioned, has this one thought: She is the woman who _does the will of my Father_. And if we are to be good brothers of Jesus, we should take after our Mother in that.
As soon as you ask her for help she comes to your aid straightaway, as good mothers do. God has given her that mission. In 1254 St Simon Stock was elected Superior-general of the Carmelites, and they were difficult times. He prayed intensely to Our Lady for help and then had the vision of her bringing the Brown Scapular with the promise that “_whosoever dies clothed in this shall never suffer eternal fire .... It shall be a sign of salvation, a protection in danger, and a pledge of peace_."
Have you heard of the ‘Sabbatine Privilege’? Pope John XXII stated that Our Lady said to him in a vision, concerning those who wear the Scapular: "_I, the Mother of Grace, shall descend on the Saturday after their death and whomsoever I shall find in Purgatory, I shall free_." 
Bl Gregory X was buried with his scapular. 600 years later, when they opened his grave, there was only bones, dust... and his fabric scapular intact! The same thing happened to St. Alphonsus whose scapular is today on display at his monastery in Rome. He wrote: "_Just as men take pride in having others wear their livery, so the Most Holy Mary is pleased when Her servants wear Her Scapular as a mark that they have dedicated themselves to Her service, and are members of the Family of the Mother of God._" And St Dominic prophesied: “_One day, through the Rosary and the Scapular, the world will be saved_.”