TITLE: Friday 17th July
GOSPEL: Mt 12:1-8
At that time Jesus went through the grainfields on the sabbath; his disciples were hungry, and they began to pluck heads of grain and to eat. But when the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, "Look, your disciples are doing what is not lawful to do on the sabbath." He said to them, "Have you not read what David did, when he was hungry, and those who were with him? ... For the Son of man is lord of the sabbath." 
COMMENTS: The Pharisees (they seem to always hunt in a pack) were obsessed with the things that ‘could not’ be done, but had no concern about the ones that ‘should’ be done. The seventh day of the week was meant to be especially devoted to God, not to ‘avoiding doing things’. It’s the day of the Lord. 
The only important thing of Sundays is the Mass. Yet some may excuse themselves from going to Mass because it was their Birthday: -then go and thank God for it! Or because some relatives came home: -then bring them along to thank God for your family! Everything that you can enjoy on Sundays had been provided by Him. How could we enjoy on Sunday what God has given to you... leaving Him outside! It would be like asking a friend to organize your party and, when everything and everyone is ready, kick him out!
But we know that the Mass is everything for us. A group of 49 Christians was found guilty, in 304, of having illegally celebrated Sunday worship at Abitinae, a Roman town in Africa. The priest Saturninus was interrogated and held firm even under torture. His example was followed by all the others, both men and women including four children. One of them, Emeritus, declared that they had met in his house. When he was asked why he had violated the emperor's law, he replied: "_Sine dominico non possumus_" - we cannot live without this thing of the Lord, meaning the Holy Eucharist that the emperor had declared illegal, but in which they had chosen to participate even at the cost of being tortured and sentenced to death.

