TITLE: Sunday 19th July
GOSPEL: Mk 6:30-34
The apostles returned to Jesus, and told him all that they had done and taught. And he said to them, "Come away by yourselves to a lonely place, and rest a while." For many were coming and going, and they had no leisure even to eat. And they went away in the boat to a lonely place by themselves.
COMMENTS: Have you ever had one of those sunny afternoons in which, after playing sports or a long walk with a good friend you sat down on the grass, leaned your back on a tree and, in no hurry, licking an ice cream or having a drink, have a wonderful chat? Can you imagine how it was to sit down in a lonely place and have a long chat with Jesus, in no hurry, where you could tell Him ‘_all that you have done and taught_’? It would be lovely, wouldn’t it?
You don’t imagine how much Jesus longs for it, how much He loves it! And keep well in mind that this scene of the Gospel happened when they were so busy, so intensely occupied attending people ‘coming and going’ that, as the text says, “_they had no leisure even to eat._” So being busy can’t be an excuse to omit your daily conversation with Jesus. It’s precisely then, when you have so many things to do, and you feel overwhelmed with duties and jobs and tasks, that you need to save time for God. Because if you don’t pray, how could you do all that well?
Prayer isn’t only for those who have plenty of spare time. Prayer is more necessary when we don’t have time. A very busy statesman asked a bishop, who was also burdened with many occupations: ‘_What is the secret of the serenity of your spirit and the admirable result of your work?’ –‘To all of your occupations, my dear friend_’, answered the holy bishop, ‘_add half an hour of meditation every morning. You will deal with your affairs more easily, and you may be able still to take on some more tasks_’. Don’t ever make the excuse that you don’t have time to pray, that you don’t have time for God... You don’t have time to waste! And if you don’t pray... how much time wasted!