TITLE: Monday 20th July
GOSPEL: Mt 12:38-42 
Then some of the scribes and Pharisees said to him, "Teacher, we wish to see a sign from you." But he answered them, "An evil and adulterous generation seeks for a sign; but no sign shall be given to it except the sign of the prophet Jonah. For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the whale, so will the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. The men of Nineveh will arise at the judgment with this generation and condemn it; for they repented at the preaching of Jonah, and behold, something greater than Jonah is here.  
COMMENTS: You remember well the story of Jonah, don’t you? God asked him to go to preach in Nineveh and help that people to repent. God wanted to count on him to bring those souls back to good life. The reaction of Jonah was immediate: he ran in the opposite direction! Apparently he didn’t want to complicate his life. Something of the sort happened with those Pharisees who met and heard Our Lord preaching, but decided not to complicate their lives either. 
The salvation of all in Nineveh depended on Jonah, but he didn't want to follow his calling. The Bible explains that he “_went down to Joppa and found a ship going to Tarshish ... away from the presence of the Lord_”. Poor Jonah! He thought he could run away from God. So God sent a contrary wind, eventually the others found out that it was Jonah’s fault and throw him overboard, and spend the journey back inside of a big fish... That was three days, exactly the same time Jesus was in the tomb. 
God didn't have a ‘Plan B’. If Jonah didn't go, the people of Nineveh would have had no chance. And the same happens with all of us. We have a mission, and some people depend on us. We are free, of course, and can say no. But God doesn’t give up, because you are ‘His only Plan’ for the salvation of many. J. Green said that “_God follows us step by step. Sometimes we have to tell him to leave us alone, like to a beggar. But He always comes back_”. 
May I always do what You ask me to do, Lord; and if ever I hesitate give me a push, like You did with Jonah.