TITLE: Monday 22nd June. St John Fisher and Thomas More
GOSPEL: Mt 24:4-13
Jesus said them, "Take heed that no one leads you astray. For many will come in my name, saying, 'I am the Christ,' and they will lead many astray ... Then they will deliver you up to tribulation, and put you to death; and you will be hated by all nations for my name's sake. And then many will fall away, and betray one another, and hate one another. And many false prophets will arise and lead many astray. And because wickedness is multiplied, most men's love will grow cold. But he who endures to the end will be saved.”
COMMENTS: This is a special year to pray for the families, and today is a good day to pray to these two martyrs who gave their lives for the doctrine of marriage. St Thomas More was “_highly esteemed by everyone for his unfailing moral integrity, sharpness of mind, his open and humorous character, and his extraordinary learning_” (St John Paul II). Henry VIII appointed him Lord Chancellor. But he was also first and foremost a faithful Catholic, a loving husband, and devoted father. When King Henry wanted to marry a second wife tried to get the approval of his Chancellor, St Thomas wouldn’t compromise the truth of marriage.
St. John Fisher had been tutor of the King. He was a man of great learning and great faith, Chancellor of Cambridge University and Bishop of Rochester. He also refused to comply with the second marriage of the King. When he was asked during the trial why he was so sure that the King couldn’t marry again when his wife was alive, he said: "_I know that God is Truth itself, and never speaks anything but the truth, which is: 'What God has joined together, let not man separate_.'"
Many contemporaries followed the King and compromised the truth of marriage that Jesus had taught (as Jesus says in the Gospel that was going to happen). But these two martyrs stood up to a powerful, intelligent, and charismatic King who eventually had six wives, separated the Church of England from Rome and declared himself its head, and killed those who stood in his way. They knew that marriage is sacred and is worth giving their lives for.