TITLE: Tuesday 23rd June
GOSPEL: Mt 7:6, 12-14
"Enter by the narrow gate; for the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction, and those who enter by it are many. For the gate is narrow and the way is hard, that leads to life, and those who find it are few."
COMMENTS: Yesterday St John Fisher and Thomas More gave us an example of not compromise the truth: the Scripture says: “_a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and the two shall become one_”, and no authority on earth can change the words of God. Today Jesus describes the gate to enter Heaven, and no authority on earth can change the dimensions of that gate. The “_gate is narrow and the way is hard_”. The teaching is clear: if you don’t find it difficult to practice your faith... you are going in the wrong way. 
There are no shortcuts, no easy alternative way... It they show you a wishy-washy path to Heaven, downhill, with a wide gate... be suspicious: “_the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction_”.
To pray every day, to go to Mass, to try to do always what you have to do and always as you should do it... to be nice with your siblings and practice charity all the time with people who are annoying... To describe an easy way to Heaven is to lie. Imagine a marathon: you see those poor runners so exhausted that you feel pity; as an act of mercy, you can put a finishing tape 15 km before the race finishes. It may release them, indeed... but they didn’t finish the marathon they were running! The best act of mercy is to help them to reach the finish line cheering, supporting and encouraging them; but never lying. 
Let’s be honest: “_the gate is narrow and the way is hard_” and I can’t change that. But I don’t walk the way on my own: You, Lord walk with me; and if I fall You pick me up; and if I get tired You encourage me and help me to keep walking. I’m not afraid of the gate or the way, as long as You walk at my side. My dear Lord, bring me to Heaven with You!
