TITLE: Wednesday 24th June. Nativity of St John the Baptist
GOSPEL: Lk 1:57-66, 80 
Now the time came for Elizabeth to be delivered, and she gave birth to a son ... And on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they would have named him Zechariah after his father, but his mother said, "Not so; he shall be called John" ... they made signs to his father, inquiring what he would have him called. And he asked for a writing tablet, and wrote, "His name is John." And they all marveled ... And all these things were talked about through all the hill country of Judea; and all who heard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, "What then will this child be?"
COMMENTS: “_What then will this child be?_” that question could be made about every baby in the world, because God has created everyone for something. This isn’t the first time that we hear about St John. Three months before Our Lady came to visit her cousin, and “_when Elizabeth heard the greeting of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb_”. St John was created with a mission. He felt the presence of Jesus in the womb of His mother and leaped of joy. 
When babies are little, all their features are tiny. But little by little they develop and you can start recognizing more and more the features of their parents. We know that from the beginning they have everything; but it takes time to develop. They have a mission as well. And it takes time to recognize and be carried out. 
All human beings have a purpose; all babies have a mission and a God Who loves them so much that He sent His Only Son to die for them. “_What then will this child be?_” said my parents when I was born. And I don’t know yet many of the things that I will be, except just one: ’_I’ll be a saint!_’
And I pray for all those babies that aren’t allowed to live and become what God wanted them to be (and their families). What would have happened if St John had never been allowed to be born? We don’t know exactly; all we know is that there will be a hole in the heart of his parents and in history; and tears in the eyes of God.
