TITLE: Friday 26th June. St Josemaría
GOSPEL: Mt 8:1-4
A leper came to him and knelt before him, saying, "Lord, if you will, you can make me clean." And he stretched out his hand and touched him, saying, "I will; be clean." And immediately his leprosy was cleansed. And Jesus said to him, "See that you say nothing to any one; but go, show yourself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a proof to the people." 
COMMENTS:

 “_Show yourself to the priest._” We all have sins; we all have the stain of leprosy in our souls, and we all can be clean by going to Jesus. All the saints had to be forgiven. All the saints (except Our Lady) had to ask for forgiveness. And all the saints were forgiven. Jesus can touch a leper and clean him; He can touch a sinner and make a saint. And Jesus can decide to do it as He wants, because He is God.
Jesus could have chosen a different way: He could have said: ‘¬_Dig a hole, say your sins there and bury them_’ or ‘_Go to this wall and tell your sins there_’. But a wall doesn’t hear, a wall doesn’t understand, a wall doesn’t console, a wall doesn’t encourage, a wall doesn’t guide you. But a man can do all that. “_Show yourself to the priest_” He says.
Today is St Josemaría’s feast day. He spent thousands of hours hearing confessions. And he himself went to confession at least once week; so did St Padre Pio, St John Paul II, St Faustina, Bl Teresa of Calcutta, St Francis of Assisi and so many others... not because they are saints, but because they were sinners.
Thank You, Lord, for the sacrament of confession; thank You because You always forgive everything, and totally; thank You for Your priests.
“_Go to confession to the Blessed Virgin, or to an angel; will they absolve you? No. Will they give you the Body and Blood of Our Lord? No. The Holy Virgin cannot make her Divine Son descend into the Host. You might have two hundred angels there, but they could not absolve you. A priest, however simple he may be, can do it; he can say to you, "Go in peace; I pardon you." Oh, how great is a priest!_” (St John Mary Vianney)