TITLE: Monday 4th May (The English Martyrs)
GOSPEL: Mt 10:17-22 
"When they deliver you up, do not be anxious how you are to speak or what you are to say; for what you are to say will be given to you in that hour; for it is not you who speak, but the Spirit of your Father speaking through you."
COMMENTS:A nurse came to tell the hospital chaplain of a dying patient, who didn’t want to see a priest or have anything to do with one. Without hesitation, the priest said he wanted to see him, and so the nurse escorted him to the room. As soon as the patient saw the priest coming in, he shouted at him to go away. But the priest calmly went in, leaving the nurse in the corridor. 
After ten minutes the priest went out with a big smile and asked the nurse to come in. She found the patient was smiling with his eyes full of tears, calmed and muttering: ‘_Thank You, God, thank You, God!_’ As the nurse accompanied the priest to the lift, she asked: ‘_How did you do it?_’ 
‘_As always_’ the priest replied: ‘_asking the Holy Spirit to speak with my lips_’. ‘_But father...’ the astonished nurse insisted: ‘it’s been just ten minutes!?_’ ‘_Yes, of course, I was ten minutes_,’ answered the priest, ‘_but the Holy Spirit has been working in his soul for many, many years..._’
That was the promise of our Lord: the Holy Spirit will take care of it. There is no better speaker in the world than the Holy Spirit; and in our mission to evangelize He never leaves us alone. So often you don’t know what to tell your friend, or how to explain to that mate about your faith and life; sometimes you feel your words are not going to be good enough. At those times remember the apostles, remember how a fisherman turned the world upside down with his words, because he was fully aware that it was not him, but the Holy Spirit in him. Now you are the fisher of men, and you are not alone: “_Alone! You are not alone. We are keeping you close company from afar. Besides..., the holy Spirit, living in your soul in grace — God with you, — is giving a supernatural tone to all your thoughts, desires and actions_” (St Josemaría).