TITLE: Friday 8th May
GOSPEL: Jn 15:12-17  
"Greater love has no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends. You are my friends... No longer do I call you servants, for the servant does not know what his master is doing; but I have called you friends, for all that I have heard from my Father I have made known to you. You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit and that your fruit should abide; so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you. This I command you, to love one another." 

COMMENTS: Free choice is a really important part of friendship, isn’t it? You are not given your friends, you choose them; and Jesus chooses His friends as well. And in the list of His friends your name is written. But friendship, as you know, is like a delicate plant. You need to take care of it every day; you need at least to put it in the light and water it very often; but in particular seasons plants require more attention (pruning, feeding...), and friends also demand more dedication.
Friends sometimes argue; they may fall out, but they always make up, with humility, after asking for forgiveness and recognizing their mistake. That’s what we do in confession when we fail our Friend Jesus Christ. Disagreement isn’t the main enemy of friendship: the main enemy of friendship is forgetfulness. If you forget your plant and neglect it... the plant dies. The same could happen to our friendship with Jesus. Let each one of us put a particular effort in checking our friendship with Jesus: if I am being the friend that He wants; if He finds me when He needs me; if I talk to Him; if I listen to Him: if I give Him my time. 
You chose me, Lord, to be your friend, and you made it possible by giving Your Life for me on the Cross. For that reason, I choose You as my best Friend; I want to grow in friendship with You every day, to be with You: help me not to forget You ever. “_This very moment I may, if I desire, become the friend of God_” (St Augustine). 