TITLE: Monday 11th May
GOSPEL: Jn 15:26-16:4a 
But when the Counsellor comes, whom I shall send to you ... he will bear witness to me; and you also are witnesses, because you have been with me from the beginning. "I have said all this to you to keep you from falling away ... the hour is coming when whoever kills you will think he is offering service to God. And they will do this because they have not known the Father, nor me. But I have said these things to you, that when their hour comes you may remember that I told you of them. 


COMMENTS: The Holy Spirit, the Paraclete (which means the Advocate or Counsellor) makes us witnesses of Jesus. We become witnesses because we have been ‘_with Him_’. And in our lives we have to bear witness to our Faith. That’s what ‘_martyr_’ means: witness. But don’t get it wrong: martyrs didn’t become saints only because they ‘died’ for Jesus, but because they ‘lived’ for Jesus. Martyrs could give witness with their ‘deaths’ because they have given witness with their ‘lives’ before. They were ready ‘to die’ for Christ because they were first ready to ‘live’ for Christ.
In many cases those who killed them thought they were “_offering service to God_”, as did those who asked for the crucifixion of Jesus, or those who stoned St Stephen... This shouldn’t take us by surprise, because Jesus warned us about it.
But you and I probably won’t be martyrs in that same sense. We will be ‘witnesses’ [martyrs] of Jesus Christ with our lives: when we get down to study when we should, or we finish our work with perfection, or we pray on time, or we do the dishes when it’s not our job, or we pay a visit to the Blessed Sacrament, or we speak confidently about our faith, when telling the truth will put us into trouble but we say it anyway, when we stop a bad conversation, some gossip, a blasphemy, or we stand up for the lives of the innocent... That’s how you bear witness to Jesus: that’s your martyrdom. That’s the courage we ask the Holy Spirit for.