TITLE: Wednesday 13th May (Our Lady of Fatima)
GOSPEL: Lk 11:27-28
As he said this, a woman in the crowd raised her voice and said to him, "Blessed is the womb that bore you, and the breasts that you sucked!" But he said, "Blessed rather are those who hear the word of God and keep it!"
COMMENTS: Ninety-eight years ago Our Lady appeared to three little shepherds, Lucia, Francisco and Jacinta, who were 9, 8 and 6 years old respectively. The message was basically twofold: ‘make reparation for sins’ and ‘pray for sinners’. An angel appeared to them a year before to prepare them, and said: "_Make of everything you can a sacrifice and offer it to God as an act of reparation for the sins by which He is offended and in supplication for the conversion of sinners_."
Our Lady appeared to them for the first time on the 13th of May 1917, and then in the following six months, stressing the importance of praying the Rosary every day for peace. That could be a good resolution for this month of May. You can pray a decade whilst on the bus, or on the train, or walking in the streets. The time that others devote to listening to music, you and I can spend it praying for them. In actual fact, a decade of the rosary takes you less than three minutes [you can time it today, and you’ll see!]
Another important part of the Message of Fatima is devotion to Our Lady’s Immaculate Heart, which is terribly offended by the sins of humanity. She showed them Her Heart, surrounded by piercing thorns (representing the sins against Her Immaculate Heart), and said that their sacrifices could help to console Her.
During the 2nd apparition, Our Lady explained that Jacinta and Francisco would go to Heaven very soon but Lucia was to remain on earth for longer. Lucia asked with sadness: “_Am I going to be left alone?_” Our Lady said: "_No, my daughter. Are you suffering a great deal? Don't lose heart. I will never forsake you. My Immaculate Heart will be your refuge and the way that will lead you to God_."
