TITLE: Friday 15th May (1st day of devotion to the Holy Spirit)
GOSPEL: Jn 16:20-23 
Truly, truly, I say to you, you will weep and lament, but the world will rejoice; you will be sorrowful, but your sorrow will turn into joy. When a woman is in travail she has sorrow, because her hour has come; but when she is delivered of the child, she no longer remembers the anguish, for joy that a child is born into the world. So you have sorrow now, but I will see you again and your hearts will rejoice, and no one will take your joy from you. 
COMMENTS: Jesus never promised it was going to be ‘easy’; He said it was going to be ‘worthwhile’. There was going to be sorrow, “_but your sorrow will turn into joy_”. And for that reason we should always be cheerful. Consider slowly this promise of Jesus: “_no one will take your joy from you_”: No one; ever! Even if the enemy tries very hard, (and surely he will try) he will never take away our joy. Know it well: gloominess is the mark of the enemy; it is the ally of the devil. But the joy of the children of God is like rubbing salt in the enemy’s wound. St Paul said it: “_Rejoice in the Lord always; again I will say, Rejoice_”. 
Our joy is so deep within us that nothing can touch it; if you put an animal, a rabbit for instance, inside of a large iron box, and you throw stones at it, the rabbit will remain untouched. A bit scared, maybe, but safe and sound. Nothing from the outside -no matter how hard- can touch it, unless we open the lid. 
Our joy is also well-protected inside, and the enemy has no access to it unless we allow him to get in. In 1534 two martyrs were on trial for refusing to swear a solemn oath acknowledging Henry VIII as head of the church in England. The judge said plainly: ‘_If you don’t swear you’ll be tied up and thrown into the Thames_’. The reply of them, with a big smile was: ‘_We just want to go to Heaven. We don’t really mind if it is by water or by land!_’ That is it: good humour and cheerful until the end. 
Nothing from outside will ever become a threat to our joy. Consider slowly: @no one, ever@ “_will take your joy away from you_”.