TITLE: Saturday 16th May (St Simon Stock. 2nd day of devotion to the Holy Spirit)
GOSPEL: Jn 16:23b-28 
Jesus said to his disciples: "I shall no longer speak to you in figures but tell you plainly of the Father. In that day you will ask in my name; and I do not say to you that I shall pray the Father for you; for the Father himself loves you, because you have loved me and have believed that I came from the Father." 
COMMENTS: Now I understand that You don’t need to speak well of me to The Father, for He loves me madly already. It would be like trying to convince my mother that I am a good child when she loves me madly and says that [almost] all the time! 
God loves His children, and does so unconditionally. I can sometimes be a bad child, but He will never stop being the Best Father. I can be ungrateful, disobedient, naughty... but He will never stop loving me and taking care of me.
On December 7, 1988, an earthquake devastated a section of Armenia. Many buildings collapsed. A father ran to his son’s school and found it demolished. He remembered the promise he had made to his son: "_No matter what, I'll always be there for you!_" He remembered where his son's classroom was and started digging through the rubble. Some people tried to stop him saying: "_It's too late!_" "_They're dead!_" or "_Go home!_" but he proceeded to dig stone by stone. Even the fire chief and the police tried to dissuade that man, but he just answered: "_Help me or leave me alone_”. No one helped him. He dug for 8 hours, 12, 24, 36 hours ... then, after 38 hours, he pulled back a boulder and shouted his son’s name. "_Armand!_" Then he heard his son's voice: "_I told the other kids not to worry. I told them that if you were alive, you'd save me, and when you saved me, they'd be saved. You promised you would always be there for me! You did it, Dad!_" Moments later, the dad was helping his son and 13 other children climb out of the debris. 
Our Father God is better than any other father. He always fulfils all the promises He makes.