TITLE: Sunday 17th May (The Ascension of the Lord. 3rd day of devotion to the Holy Spirit)
GOSPEL: Mk 16:15-20
And he said to them, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to the whole creation. He who believes and is baptized will be saved; but he who does not believe will be condemned." So then the Lord Jesus, after he had spoken to them, was taken up into heaven, and sat down at the right hand of God. And they went forth and preached everywhere, while the Lord worked with them and confirmed the message by the signs that attended it. 

COMMENTS: After His Ascension we are in charge now; we have been sent: “_Go! Go into the whole world!_”, yes, but remember that He is ‘_working_’ with us who are the apostles of the 21st century. They say St Francis said once: "_Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words_." To preach the Gospel we don’t always need to speak: actions speak louder; we teach people with the example of our lives.
But we need to “_Go out!_”, go in search of those who need to be told that Christ has died for them; “_Go out!_” of your comfort zone and remind people that God has paid for their sins, that they are worth all the Blood of the Son of God and they can’t sell themselves cheaper than that; “_Go out! Go!_” don’t stop, and find them and tell them that God loves them madly, that it doesn’t matter what they did, or what others did to them, that it doesn’t matter how far they have gone, because He is looking for them, that He is longing for them. Let’s _go out!_ into the whole world and spread the fire of the Love of God, and set the world in fire as Jesus asked us to do, for He is with us every single day until the end of times! 
‘_Don't let your life be barren. Be useful. Make yourself felt. Shine forth with the torch of your faith and your love. With your apostolic life, wipe out the trail of filth and slime left by the corrupt sowers of hatred. And set aflame all the ways of the earth with the fire of Christ that you bear in your heart_’ (St Josemaría).