TITLE: Wednesday 20th May (6th day of devotion to the Holy Spirit)
GOSPEL: Jn 17:11b-19 
“Holy Father ... I have given them thy word; and the world has hated them because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. I do not pray that thou should take them out of the world, but that thou should keep them from the evil one ... As thou didst send me into the world, so I have sent them into the world.”
COMMENTS: I don't know if you have ever been in one of those trains that are so comfortable that once you are on them you forget you are travelling. But every now and then there is a stop, reminding us that we didn’t get on the train to stay on it: we are on our way to somewhere else. The same happens with the world. We are not ‘of’ the world, but we are ‘in the world’. The world is not our ‘destiny’, but our ‘way’. 
You, Lord, have sent us into the world, and You didn’t ask the Father to take us “_out of the world_” because the world is like our means of transport to Heaven, and if we get off the train we don't reach the destination. Heaven is the destination, and the world is the ‘path’ that takes us there. And we believe that You didn’t send us through a dangerous and evil path full of traps. In fact You made the destination (Heaven) and the path (the world).
You, Lord, have sent us into the world, and we love this path that is taking us to You. But the enemy is also here. You made a good path, but the path has become dangerous; not because of Your design (Your path is perfectly safe), but because there are thieves or wild beasts (the evil one) making our journey difficult. That’s why You ask the Father not to take us “_out of the world_” (because it’s our way to Heaven), but to “_keep us from the evil one_”. Yes, Lord, protect us from the enemy when he tries to make us forget that we are on our way, we are not staying here. Helps us to keep in mind the destination: Heaven. 
And whilst we are in the world, help us also to fulfil our mission: to remind people that we were made for happiness, for Heaven.