TITLE: Friday 22nd May (8th day of devotion to the Holy Spirit)
GOSPEL: Jn 21:15-19 
Jesus said to Simon Peter, "Simon, son of John, do you love me more than these?" He said to him, "Yes, Lord; you know that I love you." He said to him, "Feed my lambs." A second time he said to him, "Simon, son of John, do you love me?" He said to him, "Yes, Lord; you know that I love you." He said to him, "Tend my sheep." He said to him the third time, "Simon, son of John, do you love me?" Peter was grieved because he said to him the third time, "Do you love me?" And he said to him, "Lord, you know everything; you know that I love you." Jesus said to him, "Feed my sheep. Truly, truly, I say to you, when you were young, you girded yourself and walked where you would; but when you are old, you will stretch out your hands, and another will gird you and carry you where you do not wish to go." (This he said to show by what death he was to glorify God.) And after this he said to him, "Follow me." 

COMMENTS: Peter denied Jesus three times on Good Friday so Jesus asked him three times if he loved Him. Peter wasn’t perfect. We see it when we read the Gospels. But his love for Jesus was sincere and intense. Jesus asked him to follow Him, and he did so until his crucifixion upside down in Rome. 
God doesn’t need perfect instruments. He needs people who know how to love and follow Him. All saints have been fighting with their miseries and defects except for Our Lady. But they fought because they loved. You and I will become good instruments in the hands of God, if we love and fight to improve.
“_When Christ at a symbolic moment was establishing His great society, He chose for its cornerstone neither the brilliant Paul nor the mystic John, but a shuffler, a snob, a coward–in a word, a man. And upon this rock He has built His Church, and the gates of Hell have not prevailed against it. All the empires and the kingdoms have failed, because of this inherent and continual weakness, that they were founded by strong men and upon strong men. But this one thing, the historic Christian Church, was founded on a weak man, and for that reason it is indestructible_” (G K Chesterton).

