TITLE: Thursday 26th March
GOSPEL: Jn 8:51-59Jesus said to the Jews: Truly, truly, I say to you, if any one keeps my word, he will never see death." The Jews said to him, "Now we know that you have a demon. Abraham died, as did the prophets; and you say, 'If any one keeps my word, he will never taste death.' Are you greater than our father Abraham, who died? And the prophets died! Who do you claim to be?" Jesus answered, "If I glorify myself, my glory is nothing; it is my Father who glorifies me, of whom you say that he is your God. But you have not known him; I know him. If I said, I do not know him, I should be a liar like you; but I do know him and I keep his word. Your father Abraham rejoiced that he was to see my day; he saw it and was glad." The Jews then said to him, "You are not yet fifty years old, and have you seen Abraham?" Jesus said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, before Abraham was, I am." So they took up stones to throw at him; but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple.COMMENTS:

 You, Lord, didn’t say: ‘_before Abraham was, I was_’, but “*I AM*”. Now, that was quite something! «*I AM*» is the name of God that no Jew would ever dare to pronounce. And you, Lord, not only said it, but said it of Yourself! In other words: You told the Jews: ‘@I am GOD!@’ No wonder they took up stones!
They have heard You saying: “_I am the Bread of Life, the Light of the world, the Door, the Good Shepherd, the Resurrection and the Life, the Way, the Truth and the Life, the true Vine_”... but never before had they heard anyone say ‘I AM’ except God himself. 
At the trial before the Sanhedrin, the High Priest asked You if You were indeed the Christ, the Son of the Blessed God: "*I AM*", was Your unmistakable answer. And that was the end of the dialogue; there was no other way to understand Your words, Jesus, than with their real meaning: The High Priest tore his clothes and You were sentenced to die.
Let’s make many acts of faith: _Jesus, I believe that You are the Son of God, that You are the King of the Universe_.
