Visit to the Blessed Sacrament:
V/ O Sacrament most holy! O Sacrament divine! R/ All praise and all thanksgiving, be every moment Thine! 
Our Father, Hail Mary, Glory be... 
[After repeating this three times, we repeat the aspiration and say the Spiritual Communion]: 
I wish, Lord, to receive You, with the purity, humility and devotion with which Your most holy Mother received You; with the spirit and fervour of the saints.

Angelus:
V/ The Angel of the Lord declared unto Mary, R/ And she conceived of the Holy Spirit.
Hail Mary.
V/ Behold the handmaid of the Lord, R/ Be it done unto me according to your word.
Hail Mary.
V/ And the Word was made flesh, R/ And dwelt among us.
Hail Mary.
V/ Pray for us, O holy Mother of God, R/ That we may be made worthy of the promises of Christ.
Let us pray. Pour forth, we beseech You, O Lord, Your grace into our hearts: that we, to whom the Incarnation of Christ Your Son was made known by the message of an Angel, may by His Passion and Cross be brought to the glory of His Resurrection. Through the same Christ our Lord. Amen.

Morning offering:
O Jesus, through the most pure heart of Mary, I offer you all the prayers, works, sufferings and joys of this day, for the intentions of your Divine Heart. Amen.

Memorare:
Remember, O most loving Virgin Mary, that it is a thing unheard of, that anyone ever had recourse to your protection, implored your help, or sought your intercession and was left forsaken. Filled therefore with confidence in your goodness I fly to you, O Mother, Virgin of Virgins. To you I come, before you I stand, a sorrowful sinner. Despise not my words, O Mother of the Word, but graciously hear and grant my prayer. Amen.

Blessing before meals:
Bless us, O Lord, and these Thy gifts which we are about to receive from Thy bounty, through Christ our Lord, Amen.

Grace after meals: 
We give you thanks, Almighty God, for all Your benefits, who live and reign, world without end. Amen. 
May the souls of the faithful departed, through the mercy of God, rest in peace. Amen.

Act of contrition:
Oh My God, because you are so good, I am very sorry that I have sinned against you, and by the help of your grace, I will try not sin again. Amen.